It was invented by a great scientist.
What was invented was a robot.
What matters is high scores.
Caring is about people who care about you, but you don't care about.
Criticism is given to students who have made mistakes.
What is being criticized is teachers who are strict in their studies.
What is being harvested is the fruit from the orchard.
It is the fruit growers in the orchard who are harvesting.
It is a healthy doctor who is operating.
The patient being operated on is in critical condition.
What is being taught is knowledge.
The person who is teaching is a full professor.
What is being enforced is the law.
It was the bailiffs who were doing the execution.
What is being harvested is rice in the farmland.
It is the children of farmers who are harvesting.
What is being managed is the computer room.
What is being managed is the dedicated administrator of the school.
What is captured is prey.
It is the hunter who captures.
What is being beaten is the drum.
The ones doing the beating are drummers who have been in the drumming industry for decades.
Playing the role of a dragon.
He plays Jet Li.
The study is corporate culture.
The research focuses on corporate researchers.
What leaps over is the canyon.
A leaping professional athlete.
What was discovered was a new ancient civilization.
What was discovered was an archeology professor.
Investigate the economic development of towns and villages.
Economics professor who researched townships.
Form for recording experiments.
Record the results of the experiment.
Crocodile that ate tourists.
Cat that ate tourists.
Lost his lovely dog.
The wild dog that bit his family.
Spoon for scooping watermelon.
Peel the watermelon.
Repair table legs.
Hammer for repairing table.
Presidents who visit other countries.
Visit tourist attractions in other countries.
Programmers searching for programs.
Search the program's code.
Stones in three rivers.
Three river stones.
Two horses on the meadow.
Horses on two meadows.
Three toy car batteries.
Batteries for three toy cars.
Four cameras on the table.
Four cameras on the table.
Two kitchen knives.
Two kitchen knives.
Four newspaper articles.
Four newspaper articles.
Visited a thousand-year-old building.
We visited ancient buildings for five hours.
It took ten minutes to pick out the wood.
Thousand-year-old wood was selected.
Played the role for two minutes.
Playing the role of a character from 500 years ago.
Wrote 5 meeting reports in a row.
I wrote the meeting report for 5 hours straight.
I talked about history for 2 hours.
It talks about 100 years of history.
It took me 6 minutes to draw.
Painted 6 paintings.
I made 5 test papers.
I took a 5-minute test.
Items that sell quickly.
Selling expensive merchandise.
Build fast buildings.
Build huge buildings.
Explore deserted areas.
Explore clear areas.
Watch great movies.
Watch comfortable movies.
Procurement goes smoothly.
Purchase fragile products.
Research difficult problems.
Research questions clearly.
Easy to operate machine.
Operate important machinery.
Imprison ruthless criminals.
Highly imprisoned criminals.
Submit the teacher's workbook.
Submit the red workbook.
Donate library books.
Donate foreign books.
Birthday gifts for leaders.
Send birthday gifts.
The legs of the blanket and stool were broken.
The sleeves of his clothes and his crutch were dirty.
Computer screens and chairs need to be arranged neatly.
Throw away the computer on the desk and the sofa.
Security guards and police officers working at the mall interacted outside the building.
Birds and fish in the sky are his prey.
It is the hard-working farmers who reap the harvest.
The harvest is delicious fruit.
Created by a scientist.
What is created is a robot.
The crackdown is on theft.
Those who crack down hard are well-trained special police officers.
The investigation was into this corruption case.
The people being investigated were those involved in corruption in this case.
What was missed was this rare opportunity.
What is missed are the athletes who have been waiting for the opportunity for a long time.
The performances are performed by top actors from the province.
The performer is Sun Wukong from Journey to the West.
What is launched is a mobile phone that transcends generations.
What a great company to launch.
Those who do scientific research are front-line scientists.
Scientific research is in emerging fields internationally.
The research is on internationally renowned mathematical problems.
The researchers are internationally renowned mathematicians who specialize in mathematical problems.
The solutions are five internationally renowned mathematical problems.
It was solved by five internationally renowned mathematicians.
Killed the landlord's cat.
The killer who killed the landlord.
Studio people renovating the house.
Decorate the studio room of the house.
Study the overall architecture of the code.
The overall architect of the research code.
See the interior of the Grand Palace.
Get an inside look at the Grand Palace.
Sanctions on Iran's economy.
Economic powers that impose sanctions on Iran.
Develop the country’s economic level.
Economics expert in developing countries.
Gangs that fight economic crime.
Police to fight economic crime.
Investigate suspects in major cases.
A criminal police officer who investigates suspects in major cases.
I like the travelers I meet while traveling.
A traveler who loves the process of traveling.
A piece of clothing from a cupboard.
A cupboard of clothes.
Monks in three temples.
Three monks in the temple.
Four desktop computers.
Four computers on the table.
Cell phones on five beds.
Five cell phones on the bed.
Six magazine covers.
Six magazine covers.
Seven flowers in pots.
Flowers in seven pots.
Eight coins in wallet.
Eight coins in wallet.
Nine actors from the film.
Nine scenes from the movie.
The teacher taught history for three days.
The teacher taught three thousand years of history.
The historical drama was performed for two days.
A historical drama that has been performed for two thousand years.
I wrote my homework for three days.
Wrote three assignments.
I have been selling cars for more than ten years.
Sold a car that was more than ten years old.
I've been watching movies for more than ten years.
I watched a movie from more than ten years ago.
The store has been operating for more than ten years.
A store that has been running for more than ten years.
Once an important turning point in history.
An important historical turning point.
Difficult to purchase items.
Buy cheap items.
Products that are difficult to sell.
Selling cheap, inferior products.
A TV series with a wonderful plot.
Great TV show for the evening.
Feel the pleasant atmosphere.
Enjoy the happy atmosphere.
Study simple questions.
Research completed questions.
Strict examiners.
Examine students who are falling behind.
The cat that killed the hunter.
The tiger that killed the fox.
Killed the hunter's dog.
The tiger that killed the hunter.
Ate the chocolate cake.
The kid who ate the cake.
A girl who fell in love with a star.
Falling in love with the works of celebrities.
I misunderstood my parents’ good intentions.
A child who has wronged his parents.
The room's windows were repaired.
The decorator who repaired the room.
Sharks and tigers in the water are ferocious animals.
In one photo, he captured a bird and a cheetah in the sky.
What is harvested is the ripe fruit from the orchard.
The harvest is done by professional fruit growers in the orchard.
The doctor who is performing the operation is the doctor with the most clinical experience in the hospital.
The patients being operated on were seriously ill.
Investigate the economy of towns and villages.
Economist who researches towns and villages.
Record the entire process of the experiment.
A biologist who records experiments.
Knife for peeling apples.
Peel the apple.
Repair wooden table legs.
Saw for repairing wooden table.
Three school experimenters.
Experimenter at three schools.
Five pieces of furniture from the house.
Furniture in five houses.
Ten TV sets in the mall.
TV sets in ten malls.
Six chairs in the room.
Chairs in six rooms.
Visited the Centennial Palace.
Visited the palace for five minutes.
I wrote homework for 2 days in a row.
I wrote 2 homework assignments in a row.
I painted for 4 days.
Painted 4 paintings.
The suspect's fear.
A scene where the suspect is scared.
Food with unique taste.
Unique food from the north.
Items that sell quickly.
Selling expensive merchandise.
Porridge that smells delicious.
Enjoy delicious porridge.
A sofa that feels comfortable to the touch.
Shop for a comfortable sofa.
Buy and sell cheap goods.
Buy and sell goods that are convenient.
It's great that he came first in the exam.
His test scores were too good.
It is this behavior that is encouraged.
It is the encourager who encourages.
It is this heroic act that is rewarded.
The award was given by the presenter.
What is severely punished is theft.
The ones who crack down hard are well-trained special police officers.
This is the case being investigated.
The investigators were specially appointed criminal investigation experts from the province.
What was investigated was a large amount of smuggled items.
The person being investigated was a police officer who seized smuggled goods.
The research is on internationally renowned mathematical problems.
The researchers are internationally renowned mathematicians.
Decorate the bedrooms of the house.
Workers renovating the house.
Programmer studying code.
Study the details of the code.
A great man who changed the whole world.
Change the pattern of the entire world.
The key figure in solving this mathematical puzzle.
Solve part of this math puzzle.
Traffic police investigating traffic accident.
Investigate the causes of traffic accidents.
Love the process of traveling.
Travelers who like to travel.
Two sets of clothes in the cupboard.
Clothes in two cupboards.
Three umbrellas on the table.
Umbrellas on three tables.
Four candles on the cake.
Four candles on the cake.
Winner in five games.
Five winners of the competition.
Six rifles in storage.
Rifles in six warehouses.
Two tickets to the concert.
Tickets for two concerts.
The school has experienced teachers.
The school has sufficient teachers.
The army is well equipped with weapons.
The army is well equipped warriors.
Explain the problem clearly.
Explain complex issues.
Inherit and develop traditional culture.
Inherit the traditional culture of painting.
The hunter's dog was sold.
The hunter who sold his dog.
Words that hurt others.
Hurt other people's feelings.
Children who moved their parents.
It touched the hearts of parents.
It ignited the flame of revenge in my heart.
It ignites a warm scene inside.
The room's windows were repaired.
The workers who repaired the room.
The judge is a judge.
The judge is a criminal.
It is my teacher who teaches.
We teach students who love learning.
Love the writing of this article.
Artistic young people who like this article.
Listen to the lyrics of beautiful music.
Listeners to beautiful music.
Enjoy the beautiful scenery of the garden.
Tourists admiring the garden.
A space station wandering through space.
Astronauts walking in space.
What was destroyed were historical monuments.
It’s the unqualified tourists who ruin it.
What was slaughtered were local protected animals.
It was greedy poachers who did the killing.
Trampling garden flowers.
Tourists trampling the garden.
Encircle and suppress the bandit's lair.
The regular army encircled and suppressed the bandits.
What was captured was rebel territory.
What was captured was the regular army.
The repairman is a car mechanic.
Repairs are made of dilapidated cars.
Assistance comes from poverty alleviation volunteers.
Assistance is provided to the elderly in poor areas.
Assist left-behind children in remote areas.
Dedicated volunteers assisting remote areas.
The prediction is the result of the next game.
The prediction was made by a famous fortune teller here.
Divination of future fortune.
A fortune teller who divines the future.
Calculate the total amount of employee wages.
Accountant who calculates employee wages.
People who create political parties.
Create a party constitution.
Play the climax of the piece.
Pianist playing music.
The music is played in Beethoven's major key.
The one playing was Beethoven.
The candidate is the squad leader.
It is the students in the class who are running for election.
The collection is of cultural relics of the Han Dynasty.
It is collected by collectors of cultural relics from the Han Dynasty.
The target was shot from a hundred meters away.
The shooter was a professional sniper.
Ten rings for hitting the target.
A shooter who hits the target.
A river in the plains.
A river on a plain.
Two room lamps.
Table lamps in both rooms.
Three bottles of mineral water on the table.
Mineral water on three tables.
Four exam papers.
Question papers for four exams.
Five pairs of socks in a drawer.
Five drawers of socks.
Six pills in a bottle.
Pills in six bottles.
Admire the ancient village for a few hours.
Admire the ancient villages hundreds of years ago.
Attended five hours of foreign language classes.
Taken five foreign language courses.
I wrote six copybooks.
I wrote the copybook for six days.
A beautiful piece of music was played.
A day of playing beautiful music.
Check the gun for bullets.
Police checking guns.
The subsidies are provided to students from poor families.
It is state agencies that subsidize.
Three teachers in the examination room gathered together to chat.
Teachers from three examination rooms gathered together to chat.
It is the people affected by the disaster who are being rescued.
The rescuers were firefighters.
Study textbook articles.
Students studying textbooks.
Build tall buildings in the city.
The workers who built the city.
I read the newspaper for ten days.
I read ten newspapers.
Doctors from three hospitals sat together for a meeting.
Three hospital doctors sat together for a meeting.
Perform a serious show.
Put on an interesting show.
Learn the lesson of being mindful.
Learn simple lessons.
Buy Tough Contraband.
Purchase rare contraband items.
Selling Neighbor Workbooks.
Sell excess workbooks.
Give leadership gifts.
Give the gift of adulthood.
Birds and fish in the sky all have a common ancestor.
The clouds and rain in the sky are intertwined.
Teachers in schools and police officers are public officials.
Teachers and students in the school live in harmony.
Oxygen and water in the air are indispensable.
Oxygen and carbon dioxide in the air are indispensable.
Two windows in the house made of glass.
Windows in both houses.
Five exam questions.
Questions from three exams.
Two theorems from the book.
Theorems from two books.
Four slaughterhouse cows.
Cattle from four slaughterhouses.
Two pairs of Chinese medicines from the pharmacy.
Chinese medicines from two pharmacies.
A bookstore book.
Books from two bookstores.
It is the candidates who are entrained.
What is included is the test paper.
What was being traded was an ivory.
The transactions were conducted by two wealthy men.
Savor is a wonderful story.
The one who tasted it was an old man on the roadside.
The explanation is the history of this ancient building.
The explanation was given by a very professional tour guide.
The screenshot was a video.
The screenshot is of a classmate who is looking for pictures.
The calculation is a relatively difficult physics question.
The calculations were made by the math class representatives in our class.
It was an important football match in charge.
The person in charge is a professional football coach.
Leading major engineering projects.
It is the leaders of this country who lead.
What is tested is mathematical ability.
The competition was between two mathematical geniuses.
The carver was a carpenter.
The carving is a piece of marble.
Check the textbook for leadership.
Check textbook prices.
Eat the fish's tail.
Fish eating customers.
Discuss mathematical formulas.
Meeting to discuss mathematics.
Towel for wiping table.
Wipe the legs of the table.
Lost direction of the road.
Tourists who have lost their way.
The mystery that reveals the truth.
Records that reveal the truth.
Record realistic scenes.
Films documenting reality.
A veil that covers the face.
Covering pimples on face.
Explain the solution to the problem.
The teacher who explains the topic.
Retrieve a list of goods.
Retrieve cargo leader.
Government workers inspecting private companies.
Inspect the operations of private companies.
Set the stage quickly.
Build a shining stage.
Cultivate attentive bacteria.
Cultivate tiny bacteria.
Review sloppy documents.
Review important documents.
Demolition of buildings that are slow.
Demolish dilapidated buildings.
When the earthquake hit China, it was China that came to the aid.
When the earthquake hit Japan, it was China that came to the rescue.
The opposition is the government, a corrupt government that does not support mass gatherings.
It is the government that is opposed, and the masses are demanding reform of this corrupt government.
The hunt is for tigers, whose numbers are declining dramatically.
The hunter is the tiger, which is chasing the antelope very quickly.
The order came from divisional officers, who were asked to meet this morning.
The order was given by division-level officers, and the brigades under the division were asked to assemble immediately.
The wife is worried, as her husband has not been heard from for a long time.
What I'm worried about is my wife. I don't know if she can take care of the whole family after I leave.
The one who cared was her mother, who cooked porridge for her who was sick.
The concern was for her mother, who was sick and needed care.
The person who objected was Teacher Wang, who did not support this teaching plan.
The one who objected was Teacher Wang. Others thought Teacher Wang's proposal was inappropriate.
Even the children don’t believe it, it’s so fake.
Even the child didn't believe it because he was a suspicious person.
The chicken stopped eating because the chicken had already eaten too much.
I won’t eat chicken because I’ve been eating chicken lately and I’m tired of it.
Xiao Yang was not found. He had not seen Xiao Yang for an entire afternoon.
Xiao Yang didn't find it, and Xiao Yang felt very sad.
When Liu Hezhen was killed, it was Lu Xun's articles that were criticized.
This person was talking nonsense and criticizing Lu Xun's articles.
The students were investigated because they were witnesses to the incident.
The students were surveyed because these students had to complete the homework assigned by the teacher.
A mother who takes care of her children, a woman who is always there for her children when they are sick.
A mother who takes care of her child needs careful care after giving birth.
Respecting students' teachers is what every student's parents should do.
A teacher who respects his students always accepts their suggestions.
Employees who care about the company often work with the bigger picture in mind.
The boss who cares about the employees of the company needs to improve their living accommodation and treatment.
The enemy's sentry is discovered and the sentry needs to report the enemy's situation immediately.
The enemy's sentry is discovered and cannot be allowed to escape.
I like girls in Shanghai because the girls there are very fashion-conscious.
I like girls in Shanghai because Shanghai is a prosperous city.
The director's female secretary was implicated, and the director was held accountable because of the female secretary's illegal behavior.
The director's female secretary was implicated, and the director's illegal behavior led to the female secretary being held accountable.
The final exam is approaching and I need to review a semester's homework.
There will be no new knowledge taught this semester, and you will need to review a semester’s homework.
The daughter who hates her mother, this mother's son doesn't like his sister.
The daughter who hates her mother has a bad relationship with her mother.
Knocked down his brother's bicycle. The younger brother was angry that his bicycle was knocked down.
He knocked down his brother's bicycle, but fortunately he was not injured.
Since they had to travel for many days, they prepared a day's worth of dry food.
Because they only had to travel for one day, they prepared a day's worth of dry food.
Articles that study Lu Xun usually write about Lu Xun's birth and death.
Studying Lu Xun's articles is necessary for the study of modern literature.
Defeating the enemy's troops, this unit was welcomed by the people after returning home.
To defeat the enemy's forces, further pursuit is required.
Scolding the child's father because the child did not do well in the exam.
Scolding the child's father because this father betrayed the marriage.
Please show me the research materials.
Researching data is something every scientific researcher must do.
The price of imported food is relatively high.
Imported food is not allowed by this country's policy.
Investigation materials must be submitted by the deadline.
Investigating materials sometimes requires the cooperation of multiple people.
She was born last year and is almost 1 year old now.
She gave birth to a child last year, and her child is almost 1 year old.
Taxis have been squeezed out of their living environment by online ride-hailing services.
Taxis are growing into a new big market.
He was injured while playing basketball on campus. Please send him to the school hospital immediately.
School hospitals are the two most crowded public places.
Literature and language are two closely related liberal arts majors.
Literary language refers to the language used in literary works.
Biology and history, one is more science-based and the other is more liberal arts.
Biohistory refers to the history of biology.
The affairs of other countries will be discussed at the next national meeting.
The affairs of other countries will be discussed at the next international conference.
Ancient war novels refer to novels about ancient wars.
Ancient war novels refer to war novels written in ancient times.
African Language Studies refers to the specialized study of African languages.
African Language Studies is a language institute established in Africa.
The new staff dormitory is a dormitory specially provided for new staff.
The new staff dormitory is a newly built staff dormitory in the school.
He has bought this car for 5 years and he wants to buy a new car license plate.
His car is new and he wants to buy a new license plate.
College English teachers refer to teachers who teach college English.
College English teachers refer to teachers who teach English in universities.
The leaders of the two schools spoke at the same opening ceremony one after another.
The leaders of the two schools signed an agreement for mutual cooperation between their respective schools.
There are three kindergarten children in the park, and a total of six children are playing games.
There are three kindergarten children in the park. They are in the same class.
There are members of both parties in the office, attacking each other for the views of the other party.
There are MPs from two parties in the office who are running for party chairmanship.
Three factory workers were drinking together, and each ordered a total of three bottles of wine.
Three factory workers were drinking together, and each ordered a total of 10 bottles of wine.
There are doctors from 5 hospitals in this building, and they are discussing the cooperation of their respective departments in the hospital.
There are doctors from five hospitals in this building, and they are discussing cooperation in their respective hospitals.
Members of the two teams have known each other since childhood and are good friends.
The players of the two teams performed a wonderful game for the audience in the stadium.
Several hotel waiters at the hotel entrance started to quarrel because they wanted to lure customers to their respective restaurants.
Several hotel waiters at the entrance of the hotel were chatting because there were no customers.
On the chair is a vase given by two friends. This vase was bought by his two friends together.
On the chair are vases given by two friends, which three of his friends raised money to buy.
Everyone expressed their gratitude to him for his help.
He repaid everyone for their help with practical actions.
He looked at the cats in three pet stores and finally decided to buy the cat from the middle pet store.
He looked at the cats in three pet stores and finally decided on the cutest cat in the middle.
Police from two cities signed a cross-city cooperation agreement to combat crime.
Police in 2 cities were patrolling the streets.
Xiao Ming was greatly encouraged, and it was the teacher who encouraged him.
Giving subsidies to teachers encourages teachers.
Because teachers are serious in class, it is the teachers who are rewarded.
For students who work hard in class, it is the teachers who reward them.
It was his father who performed the surgery because his father was a doctor.
It was his father who performed the surgery because his father was seriously ill.
This is a photo I took last year, when I was pretty good at photography.
This is a photo I took last year, a nice selfie.
The investigators were provincial officials, and the matter alarmed the central government.
The investigators were provincial officials who were unhappy with the situation in the municipalities.
The performer was Jay Chou, who sang a famous song.
The performer is Jay Chou, a master imitator who is very good at imitating famous singers.
It is government policy to subsidize high-tech companies.
High-tech companies are subsidized, and users can benefit a lot.
It was the Iraqi government that was protesting, and the people were very dissatisfied with it.
The protest was from the Iraqi government, which strongly condemned the United States.
The attack was on U.S. troops, and the White House was very angry about it.
The strikes were against U.S. troops, who conducted air strikes on ground targets.
It was Teacher Wang who was bidding farewell, and the students were all very sad.
It was Teacher Wang who bid farewell and wished the students a happy journey.
The troops to encircle and suppress the bandits can be assembled at any time.
To encircle and suppress the bandits, regular troops are needed.
Teachers who love school are always on the front line of teaching.
I love the teachers in the school and their hard work.
People who miss their hometown want to go back all the time.
Missing the people in hometown is a feeling that every wanderer will have.
Those who defeated the opposition gathered together to celebrate.
Overthrow those who oppose you, and I believe justice will prevail.
Upon discovering the enemy's troops, our army immediately launched an attack.
The troops that discovered the enemy were our reconnaissance troops.
I met my friend’s teacher and said hello to my friend.
When I met my friend’s teacher, I said hello to him.
Visited the neighbor's parents and brought many gifts.
I visited my neighbor’s parents and thanked them for taking care of me these days.
Books on the study of the Spring and Autumn Period are kept in libraries.
Studying the books of the Spring and Autumn Period is very helpful in understanding that period of history.
Parents who insult other people are not good role models for their children.
Insulting other people's parents is not a polite thing to do.
Visitors observing the garden discuss the garden design.
Observing the tourists in the garden, they are all in a hurry.
The child who killed the neighbor was only a teenager.
He killed the neighbor's child and the murderer escaped.
The principals of five schools gathered together.
Teachers from five schools stood together with their principal, Principal Wang.
The drummers of two bands were arguing over who was the first drummer in the band.
The drummers of the two bands were arguing over who was the first band.
Residents in the two communities are discussing whose housing prices have risen again.
Residents in two communities were discussing the quality of the affiliated hospitals in their communities.
Employees in three factories went out to eat and discussed going to the boss to raise their wages.
Employees from three factories went out to dinner to discuss the (higher) wages in their respective factories.
There are two celebrity fans here discussing Jay Chou's concert tonight.
There are fans of two celebrities here, arguing about whose work is better, Jay Chou or Cai Xukun.
The leaders of the five colleges are discussing to organize a gathering of the five colleges.
The leaders of the five colleges are discussing how to become the first college of the school.
On the windowsill are vases given by two friends, both of whom are good friends of mine.
On the windowsill are vases given by two friends. Both vases are very beautiful.
The China Culture Expo Center covers various cultures from hundreds of countries.
The China Culture Expo Center displays China's thousand-year cultural development process.
Primary school Chinese teachers refer to primary school Chinese teachers.
Primary school Chinese teachers refer to teachers who teach primary school Chinese.
The Taiwan Chinese Character Research Institute is located in Taipei and is dedicated to the study of Chinese characters.
The Taiwan Chinese Character Research Institute is committed to promoting the development of Chinese characters in mainland China and Taiwan.
The Suzhou Automobile Exhibition showcases automobile brands independently developed by Suzhou.
The Suzhou Auto Show showcases automobile brands from all over the world.
That’s a lot of equipment produced in one quarter, which is awesome.
It's too bad to produce so much equipment in one quarter.
The car repairman was anxious because he had to drive out.
The car repairman was anxious because the customer kept urging him.
I can't look down on anyone because I have no money.
I can't look down on anyone because I'm very strong.
Teacher Wang has already notified you and will be here soon.
Teacher Wang has already informed the students, and all the students know it.
The partially destroyed instruments were half of the total destroyed instruments.
The partially destroyed instruments were so completely damaged that they were beyond repair.
Translating novels is not a good job.
Sometimes translated novels are not as good as the originals, which is not a good job.
Imported milk powder is sometimes not necessarily better than domestic milk powder.
Importing milk powder requires companies that have obtained state approval.
I couldn't write this report well because my identity is relatively sensitive.
I can't write this report well, but I know you can write it well.
On Teacher's Day, teachers hope that students will not give gifts or blessings, since thoughts are more important than items.
On Teacher's Day, teachers hope that students will not send gifts or blessings. They don't need anything.
Those who came were friends of the elder brother and younger brother. The two brothers had the same social circle.
The ones who came were the elder brother and his younger brother's friends. The elder brother didn't know his younger brother's friends.
Regarding Lu Xun’s articles, I only know Kong Yiji.
Many people have written articles about Lu Xun.
The teachers have received all their opinions.
The students all accepted the teacher's opinions humbly.
There are many children who like to be clean.
There are many people who like clean children.
Xiao Li's stories are very interesting and everyone loves to listen to Xiao Li's stories.
The story told by Xiao Li is very interesting, and Xiao Li recommends that everyone listen to it.
He suddenly remembered that he hadn't eaten yet.
He suddenly remembered and went to eat.
He didn't expect that this question was so simple.
He couldn't figure out what the solution to this problem was.
He is easy to talk to, and everyone finds it easy to get along with him.
He is easy to talk to, and he talks endlessly when he talks.
He still owed 1,000 yuan and finally paid off the debt.
He still owes 1,000 yuan, and he plans to repay the 1,000 yuan next year.
A female employee working at the bank was arguing with a man who claimed to be the owner of a company.
A female employee working in this bank was quarreling with a man because the man cut in line while doing business at the bank.
They were being chased by thugs who saw a lone policeman.
The thug was being chased, and the thug encountered a bunch of police officers.
The person who is treating the disease is a doctor, and this doctor is performing his duties.
The person who is treating the patient is a doctor, who has resigned due to illness.
The search was by the police, who received reports from the crowd that a murderer was nearby.
The search was for a policeman who disappeared while chasing the prisoner.
The teacher is being tested. The teacher wants to know the performance level of the students in the class.
The test is for teachers, who are taking the teacher qualification exam.
The person who helped was a homeless man who rushed into the fire and saved many people.
The one who helped was a homeless man who had not eaten for many days.
It was the official who made the report because the official wanted to reduce his own culpability.
It is an official who is being reported, and the people have long been dissatisfied with this official's corruption.
It is the parents who educate, because the parents believe that children’s education cannot rely solely on schools.
It is the parents who educate, because these parents often allow their children to do bad things.
The child was deceived because the mother really had no money to buy toys for the child.
It is the child who is deceived, because the mother is very obedient to the child.
What I appreciate is the director, this director's movie is very good.
What I appreciated was the director, who was very satisfied with the actors' performance.
Criticize factory workers because these workers have not been paid for a long time.
Criticize factory workers because they often slack off.
Examine officials in a township government that has been reported to be corrupt.
Officials from the inspection lane town government welcomed the arrival of their superiors.
It’s the children who are being scared because today is Halloween.
It was the child who was scared, because the child cried often.
Congratulations to my colleague, who has just been selected as an outstanding talent.
Congratulations go to a colleague who is very happy about his wedding.
We were greeted by a leader who wanted to make a good impression on the visiting boss of a large company.
We were greeted by a leader who came to inspect local work.
Fish in two rivers will evolve in different directions if they are geographically isolated.
Fish from two rivers were caught by a fisherman at the same time.
The top executives of five educational institutions are meeting and they want to share information about the institutions' students.
The top leaders of five educational institutions are meeting to discuss the operation of the institutions this year.
Babies in these four cities had just been born in the same hospital.
The cultural customs and backgrounds of the places where babies are born in these four cities are different.
Professors from six colleges teach different areas of computer science.
Professors from six colleges teach different majors.
Ordinary cashiers in the three supermarkets have different salaries.
The job numbers of ordinary cashiers in the three supermarkets are consecutive.
The shout was given to the star, who won the Best Actor award.
It's the star who's calling out, and this fan spotted the secret star at the airport.
Boycotting a member of Parliament because the member feels he or she has been treated unfairly.
Boycott a member of Parliament for making incorrect remarks.
He likes his sister, but his sister doesn't like anyone.
What he likes is his sister, and his sister has been pursuing him who doesn't like her.
Parents of students are asked to attend parent-teacher conferences where only parents are allowed to be present.
Parents of students are discussing their views on each other under the arrangement of the school.
The TV remote control needs new batteries.
The TV remote control must be of the same brand.
The person on trial was General Wang, who was found guilty of treason.
The judge was General Wang, who sentenced the criminal to 10 years in prison.
It was Xiao Li who taught us this skill step by step.
It was Xiao Li who was teaching, and I taught him this technique.
I like this article, it's so well written.
What I like is students, students like new things.
The one who was skeptical was Xiao Li, who was skeptical of anything new.
The person who is suspicious is Xiao Li, because Xiao Li has been acting strangely recently.
The supporter is Mr. Wang, who is very supportive of this motion.
Councilor Wang is supported, and the public voted for him.
It was Teacher Li who was disgusted, and none of his classmates liked him.
The one who was disgusted was Teacher Li. Teacher Li hated this kind of behavior very much.
It was Iraq that sent troops, and the United States sent a large number of troops.
It was Iraq that sent troops, and Iraq sent a division of troops.
Even he is worried, you really think too much.
Even he was worried that this matter was indeed difficult.
Even I don't believe this is true.
If you don’t even believe me, who else can you believe?
Insulting the company's employees and being dissatisfied with his company.
Insulting the company's employees and company leaders.
I like young people from the north. I stay here because the north has heating in winter.
I like the boys from the north because they are very generous.
Bullying Xiao Li's classmates is equivalent to bullying Xiao Li.
The classmate who bullied Xiao Li was severely criticized by the teacher.
To defeat the rebel forces, one hundred thousand regular troops would be needed.
The troops who defeated the rebels have gathered together.
Caring for employees’ families is their strong backing.
Caring for employees' families is the best care for employees.
Loving students in school is what every principal should do.
Students who love their school will always think about the reputation of the school.
It hurt Xiao Li's family and made Xiao Li very regretful.
I am very sorry to Xiao Li for causing trouble to his family.
The leader's superior was implicated, which made the leader very sorry.
The leader's superior was implicated and the leader was asked to directly confess himself.
A star who offends the public is no longer a star.
Celebrities who offend the public will be criticized by their fans.
The troops to encircle and suppress the bandits can be assembled at any time.
Encircling and suppressing the bandit troops is a matter of urgency.
I miss the people in my hometown and I don’t want to go back all the time.
People who miss their hometown will return to their hometown to celebrate the New Year.
Those who defeated the opposition gathered together to celebrate.
Down with the opposition and their accomplices.
Upon discovering the enemy's troops, our army immediately launched an attack.
The troops that discover the enemy are our vanguard.
Pedestrians observing the garden looked very happy.
Observing the pedestrians in the garden, they are all in a hurry.
The one who cared was her mother, who cooked porridge herself to take care of her.
What concerns her is her mother, who is already over seventy years old.
Employees who care about the company deserve praise.
We should care about the employees of the company and improve their living and accommodation conditions.
He wrote a two-hour speech, which meant he would speak for two hours.
He wrote his speech for two hours and has not yet finished it.
This calligraphy competition has masters from two associations as judges, and they each represent the association.
This calligraphy competition has masters from two associations as judges. They are the core figures of the calligraphy association.
We cannot afford to respect him.
Respect for him stems from his noble character.
I am very grateful for his encouragement.
The encouragement for him deeply inspired him.
Regarding his doubts, I answered him directly.
Doubts about him spread among people.
The fear of him comes from not understanding him.
Regarding his fear, the teacher patiently comforted him.
Residents of the two cities are discussing which city has better future development.
Residents of the two cities were discussing Mayor Wang, who had just taken office.
Leaders of the three countries are meeting to discuss their respective energy policies.
Leaders of the three countries are meeting to discuss their countries' military spending this year.
Students from three sports schools participated in the competition, and they all wanted to win glory for their respective schools.
Participating in the competition were students from three sports schools, who were from the same class.
Members of the two teams are practicing on the playground for this year's team championship.
Members of the two teams practice on the playground, and the two teams often practice together.
Women who give up beauty are often pursuing a more important spiritual world.
Abandoning a beautiful woman, this man chose to leave.
School leaders held a special seminar to criticize him.
He had already anticipated the criticism from school leaders.
We are a group of three and can be divided into two groups.
We work as a team of three because we complement each other.
A youth barber shop opened downstairs, specializing in haircuts for young people.
There is a youth barber shop downstairs, and all the hairstylists are young people.
The county informed me to report on the 15th, but it would be impossible to go there on the 15th.
The county notified us to report on the 15th, but we could only do so on the 15th.
I read newspapers for ten days, one a day.
I read the newspaper for ten days and read it all in one day.
Doctors from three hospitals came to the school, namely Union Hospital, Municipal Hospital and Provincial Hospital.
Doctors from three hospitals came to the school, all from Union Hospital.
He just came to school and didn't know anyone. He was only familiar with his classmates.
When he first came to school, he didn't know anyone and no one talked to him.
Hurry up when calling a taxi. There aren't many people on the road, so it's fine if you go faster.
Hurry up and hail a taxi. There are a lot of cars here and it's easy to hail a taxi.
The reasonable advice from three workers is a good piece of advice.
The reasonable suggestions of the three workers were discussed and approved by the union one by one.
Economic losses plus legal fees of 4,000 yuan, totaling 8,000 yuan.
The economic loss plus legal fees of 4,000 yuan will be borne by the driver.
Leave water for those who come in the evening, for those who come later will be thirsty.
Leave the water for those who come in the evening. You will not be able to buy water at night.
I was only thirty when I met you, and I was still a child.
I was only thirty when I met you, and you were still a child.
My mother was very happy to see me and asked me why I was so happy.
Mom was happy to see me because she hadn't seen me for a long time.
If he criticizes you for doing something wrong, just listen to him.
He criticized what you did wrong, but you did nothing wrong.
He wanted to get the cadres from the same village to join him in drug trafficking.
After school, these students made an appointment to go to the reservoir to go into the water together.
Eaten an enemy division.
He likes to eat apples.
Until now, they haven't arranged housing for me, so I have no choice but to guerrilla around at night.
Our troops guerrilla the enemy everywhere.
In the 1990s, many people went overseas to do business.
Fishermen on the seaside make a living by fishing in the sea.
He is a piece of rotten wood.
The materials of this furniture contain some rotten wood.
He is a person who loves to throw away things.
He likes to wear red clothes.
The police stationed several people here.
Automatic ticket machines are installed at train stations.
The flood season has passed and the rivers are calm.
Only when the country is safe can we carry out construction well.
His crime is not worthy of an administrative warning.
If you commit a crime, you will be punished by law.
He received orders to evict enemy watchtowers.
Use a cupping cup to pull it out twice, and the pain will be relieved.
A few people in the security department guard the door very strictly, and no one can even think of taking public property out of the factory without permission.
Talking too much will lead to mistakes. There must be a guard on your mouth.
She rolled her eyes at him.
A trip in vain.
He guessed riddles with perfect accuracy.
He is a sharpshooter and always hits the mark.
Your mouth is too fast.
His mouth is not small.
Our country has its own national conditions, and it is impossible to completely copy other people’s management methods.
Move the flowerpot to the balcony.
He had a straight face and looked very angry.
The ground is very rough and difficult to plow.
At that time, international students had to live in a preparatory school for one year.
My family lives in Loess Gaopo.
This land is not thin.
The bookshelf grid is too thin to bear the pressure of the books.
The ministers are preparing to write a memorial.
A group of students were playing the national anthem.
One bullet kills an enemy.
This batch of wrenches must be reimbursed to the factory and replaced with new ones.
Arrange work and study reasonably.
Actions are governed by thoughts.
The kid in this room needs fixing.
This bike needs work.
He quoted ancient texts many times in his article.
He has a knack for invoking untapped talent.
He forced his parents to buy a piano.
The army has reached the outskirts of the city.
Make clothes based on your body.
This year is no different than previous years.
Taking a walk after dinner is a must for him.
Modern Chinese is our compulsory course.
Chains and gears seized up.
You have to tell the truth and don't bite others.
We will never let the country's country change color.
This kind of advertising paint is of good quality and does not change color.
In this National Games, our province sent 400 athletes to participate.
After the Battle of Huaihai began, the People's Liberation Army participated in the battle with a total of about 500,000 troops.
He dismounted and gestured to the audience.
This project has been discontinued.
This engineer is a big idiot.
The director used straw bales as food bags.
If you don't pay attention, you won't be able to cure it.
His athlete's foot was cured.
The soldiers had already raided the home twice.
He didn't come to class yesterday and was copying notes.
He entered the business world naked and is now the chairman of a company.
The model is naked, dedicating herself to art.
The watch this man is wearing goes for 3 minutes.
The man was gone for 3 minutes.
Please string these two sentences together.
He was walking through the streets of this beautiful city.
Spring is rippling in the chests of the two young people.
Spring is in full bloom.
The cat is running around.
The river surges higher than the bridge.
He was typing a telegram that the army urgently needed to receive.
He was beating the guy he hated.
There are many shops selling jewelry on this street.
He doesn't take this matter as a big deal.
The woman was pouring feces out of her mouth.
In residential areas without sanitation facilities, residents empty feces into designated waste trucks every morning.
A path was drawn under his name.
There is no road ahead, where are you going?
This store uses inferior products over genuine products.
The store has been pushed out.
As soon as he entered the examination room, he felt nervous.
If something goes wrong, he will get angry.
The director's bribery scandal finally came to light recently.
This area of the road is prone to rollovers.
His hobby is reading books.
Drill a small hole in the wall.
Trafficking in the spiritual opium of the bourgeoisie.
Selling drugs.
After listening to his comforting words, a warm current surged into my heart.
This warm current brings abundant food resources to the ocean.
His words were simply an auction of youth.
His paintings were auctioned for $10,000.
Bank jobs are very lucrative.
This dress is a little too fat.
A lively mass movement scene.
Boiling soup.
Comrades from the investigation team distributed them to various places.
Comrades from the investigation team distributed labor protection supplies.
Please do not distract yourself when distributing flyers.
Please spread the flyers you have.
The weather is going well this year, and farmers will surely have a good autumn scene.
The autumn scenery in this tourist city is very good.
Find out the news.
Listening to the wind outside the window, he didn't sleep all night.
Take this medicine with warm water.
Don't use force to overwhelm people, but use reason to convince them.
He is a veteran.
He has been living in the world since he was fourteen years old.
He has been ups and downs in the officialdom several times and is very experienced.
The boat floated on the sea with the huge waves.
What these construction workers are building is a shopping mall dedicated to selling quilts.
On this cold day he slept with only a blanket.
The teacher drew many lines on his composition book.
He held a long bar in his hand.
When he reached a high note, his voice couldn't carry it anymore.
What he said is quite high-profile, but it is not easy to achieve.
His writing project was put on hold.
The cargo ship ran aground and had to be transported by land.
The main force has already launched a critical attack on the enemy's buildings.
After two years of research, this technical problem was finally solved.
It is not known what year this artifact is an antique.
Everyone who interacted with him thought the man was an antique.
The car's windshield wipers are scraping the glass.
This young couple often scratches their parents.
Things in the factory were still on his mind.
The moon hangs in the sky.
It's not easy to do things, any joint may get jammed.
Whenever it rained, she felt sore joints all over her body.
I'm used to getting up early, so sleeping late is uncomfortable.
Nowadays, some families often spoil their children.
He did something he shouldn't have done, and there was something wrong in his heart.
Parents at home often scare their children with stories about ghosts.
He had a clear idea about this matter.
When a beam of light passes through a prism, it forms a spectrum.
Weeds grew everywhere.
Car accidents occurred.
He got a lot of famous wine through the back door.
There is a small pond not far from the back door.
Old Man Ding is so good at this that even his daughter can't do it.
This house is dead, and there is no one left.
Kindergarten teachers carefully cultivate the flowers of the motherland.
No matter how beautiful the flowers are, they will eventually wither.
The company hired several vases specifically for entertaining guests.
There is a beautiful vase in the deserted living room.
Large-scale landslides caused by heavy rains have attracted great attention from the government.
The number of trees collected by the plant has been declining, resulting in low production.
He was writing a letter back home.
He was riding home.
He returned to college last year and wanted to take the college entrance examination again.
These scrap coppers need to be recycled.
After three months of patrolling here, the Discipline Inspection Commission gave another shot in the arm.
On the battlefield he gave the enemy a counterattack.
He shouted into the valley and received only an echo.
He rang the doorbell for a long time but received no reply from the house.
His words were full of gunpowder.
The battlefield is full of gunpowder.
Good works need to be tempered many times.
Good steel needs to be tempered many times.
Your child is already working hard to prepare for the college entrance examination, so don't try to warm him up.
It is best to reheat cold rice before eating it.
This guy is too bulky to handle.
This guy doesn't have good intentions.
The plan must have corresponding reasonable measures so that it will not be empty.
The house is elevated, 5 feet above the ground.
Before writing a novel, you must first set up the structure of the novel.
There is a big bookshelf in his home.
Watermelons are cheap this year.
He is just a mean person.
The second-hand market usually sells cheap stuff.
He is a bitch.
He planned to order four dishes.
The patient's mouth called his wife's name.
The couple got into trouble in the house again over the child.
The unit came into contact with the enemy while walking.
It only took him 10 seconds to untie the shoelaces.
This math problem is very difficult to solve.
The ringing of the phone cut him off.
The big tree was cut in the middle.
For profit, he sold his friends.
He sells eggs at the school gate.
He entered a shop that sold shoes.
He brought in a batch of shoes.
I'm not willing to poach someone else's company.
There are many bricks piled under the corner.
The end of this week is the time when the cleaning staff's wages are paid.
The room is so stuffy, I need to open the windows.
If you want to do great things, you are bound to stumble.
The road is slippery, be careful not to fall.
The factory lost hundreds of thousands of yuan.
His body was losing weight after working for days on end.
What he had been worrying about for a long time finally came to an end.
The autumn leaves have fallen to the ground.
His research on pregnant women is prone to dystocia under current research conditions.
Pregnancy among middle-aged women is prone to dystocia.
This sentence is quoted from an ancient book.
He quoted only his relatives.
The internal friction of this engine is very serious.
The internal friction in their department is serious.
He stood far away to catch the ball.
He plans to take the factory director's job.
As soon as his hand touched the fire, he withdrew it.
We have already made contact with the enemy.
Let’s cool down on this first.
Let the hot tea cool down first.
Years are getting old.
There are 365 days in a year.
He has a generous voice.
He is a generous man and is respected by everyone.
Children like to push others.
I pulled you up.
This well-known company is a leader in the industry.
Ask the master to repair the faucet.
He kept squeezing the plasticine in his hands.
This is a new thing he created.
He twisted his waist while working.
He broke his own bad habits.
He twisted his body and walked unsteadily.
His soul was twisted by the incident.
When he encountered an earthquake, he immediately lay down.
When he encountered a little difficulty, he immediately got down.
They were filming the scene where the waves hit the embankment.
They are making a movie.
He was good at bribery and soon climbed to the position of director.
Visiting the Forbidden City, we saw the throne of the Qing Dynasty emperor.
In modern times, only college students can’t find good jobs.
Please go and put up the sign at that intersection.
Leaving homeland.
Departure from correct principles.
He likes to climb steep cliffs.
He likes to catch up with his boss.
This chess game has entered an endgame.
Clean up the mess of this matter.
The market is not good now, so sell your goods quickly.
He was ordered to throw the ball.
This guy is such a loser, he can't do anything well.
There is no rice in the rice bucket.
The artillery in the army is very powerful.
The government stipulates that no cannons can be set off at home during the Chinese New Year.
This teacher trains his students seriously.
The gardener is carefully nurturing his plants.
These clothes are all good fur.
I only scratch the surface of this area.
We'll meet again next week.
The topics they chose met.
Please give this book a wrapper.
A layer of skin fell off his hands.
He had been busy all day and felt very tired.
The book market is already tired.
He had just moved and felt very tired.
Magnets can become fatigued if used for a long time.
No one wants to hire her as a wife.
This law firm wants to hire a legal advisor.
The government quelled the unrest.
This result tied the world record.
The sea calmed down.
My wounds healed.
This time he went out on the street and lost a lot of money.
He broke the world record again in this competition.
They actually cut open their own stomachs.
This article deeply dissects this issue.
He has become the flag of the entire army.
There were a lot of flags waving in the streets today.
Stop starting a fire at your house and come to my house for dinner.
Don't get angry and keep your mood calm.
The water rose in this storm.
If you have a question, please stand.
The two men involved a cow.
This matter involves leadership.
He infiltrated the city.
He dived to the bottom of the sea.
This color is too light.
My knowledge about clothing colors is too limited.
The plan was shot dead.
He was shot dead by the police for committing a crime.
Rape public opinion.
He raped an underage girl.
This woman is very pretty.
This batch of rice is very popular in the market.
Common people call this person Qingtian.
The weather here rarely sees blue skies.
There was a blue cloud floating in the sky here.
He is already a man who has reached great heights.
This is a light but meaningful gift.
There is a thin piece of paper on the table.
The clouds in the sky looked very frivolous.
At first glance, I feel that he is a frivolous person.
His singing captivated everyone in the theater.
The hut collapsed in the hurricane.
She dumped a load of coal outside the house.
She shed tears and poured out her grievances.
This sentence needs to eliminate several wrong words.
Tomorrow, this panda is going to Beijing.
In the tug-of-war competition tomorrow, our entire company will be dispatched.
After this battle, the enemy's entire army was defeated.
The forging of the sword requires heat treatment.
This problem cannot be heat treated.
Objects require a certain amount of heat to burn.
His enthusiasm for this matter lasted for a long time.
The sun usually rises from the east.
There are 365 days in a year.
This food is too bitter to eat.
The import of goods must go through customs.
This food is very delicious.
This movie is very enjoyable.
Please moisturize these flowers.
Use engine oil to moisten the rotating parts of the machine.
This persimmon is very astringent.
This article is very boring.
Please stick out your tongue.
They caught a tongue in the enemy camp and came back.
The night is already very deep.
This well is very deep.
My little one is starting to lose his teeth.
His chopsticks are all made of teeth.
This kid needs to be sorted out.
This broken table needs cleaning.
This sinful man needs to be fixed.
This malfunctioning machine needs to be repaired.
Unblock clogged drains.
Clear the conflict between the two villages.
There is too much water in this article.
The water in this pot will boil.
This little money is my private property.
All private houses in this area will be demolished.
He has such a bad mouth, he keeps talking all day long.
This glass is broken.
This science fiction film tells the story of an astronaut coming into contact with a boy from Earth.
She was the first female astronaut to fly on a spacecraft from Earth.
The Taoli taught by this teacher are elites in all walks of life.
The peaches and plums at the doorstep are colorful.
Articles with a strong theoretical nature can also be written in an easy-to-understand manner, and they do not necessarily have to be written as sacred texts.
Last night he dreamed that an immortal gave him a heavenly book.
He planned to go to the post office to post a letter.
He fell into a well yesterday.
This glass window is very transparent.
After hearing this, his heart became clear.
This tank has been retired.
He is a retired soldier.
The person who took the lead in committing the crime must be punished.
Many families are doing New Year shopping.
This book is a treasure he just bought in the bookstore.
This mother took her newborn baby out to play.
The teacher asked the student to memorize the text he just wrote on the blackboard.
The school requires students to carry backpacks when going to school.
He is making up the lyrics to a song to be sung at the party tomorrow.
He is making up the straw sandals he will wear in tomorrow's battle.
The magician is performing a magic trick.
This barren mountain turned into fertile farmland.
The soldier will wear civilian clothes when he goes home.
When this leader makes private visits, he will bring a few plainclothes men to protect himself.
Please write this truthfully about opening a watch shop.
He is repairing watches in a clock shop.
He has a habit of wiping his mouth with a tissue after eating.
The plane brushed against the top of the mountain.
This is the season when bandits emerge from the mountains.
Many babies are born during this season.
He was wearing clothes on the road next to this clothing store.
He is wearing a red dress.
He was setting up the tent where he would sleep tonight.
He was taking a luxurious boat home.
The actor's throat collapsed.
The house collapsed during the storm.
If he leaves, no one can take his job away.
This train will arrive in Shanghai soon.
The enemy in this fortress often comes out to harm the people, and the army plans to pull out this nail.
The table legs need to be nailed with two nails to prevent them from breaking.
Your eyes are so poisonous that you can find criminals among so many people.
This snake is very poisonous and can kill people instantly.
Using wind energy to generate electricity is a new energy policy.
This unit has come under enemy attack and is providing power to the headquarters.
This temple has just been renovated by renovation workers.
The bomb blew up the tank.
He spoke in class and once again made a mistake he shouldn't make in school.
He spoke in class and once again broke the school rules.
It is strictly prohibited to add preservatives to this food.
A good reader has his own preservative when reading.
This car goes very fast.
This blade is very fast.
High voltage power lines are being laid here.
This power grid worker had his blood pressure measured in the hospital and his high voltage was too high.
There was a pimple on his skin.
After experiencing a betrayal, there is a knot in their relationship.
This man has no bones.
A human has a total of 206 bones.
You should use these leaves to wrap rice dumplings.
You don't wrap two different things together.
She is a red flag for the railway department because of her serious work.
Every morning, a red flag is hoisted on the school playground.
This kind of thinking is coming back again.
This floor will regain moisture in the summer.
She plans to open a supermarket here.
The captain's mission today is to fly a large plane.
He used to be poor, but now he is rich.
The house is very spacious.
