It was invented by a great scientist.
What was invented was a robot.
What matters is high scores.
Caring is about people who care about you, but you don't care about.
Criticism is given to students who have made mistakes.
What is being criticized is teachers who are strict in their studies.
What is being harvested is the fruit from the orchard.
It is the fruit growers in the orchard who are harvesting.
It is a healthy doctor who is operating.
The patient being operated on is in critical condition.
What is being taught is knowledge.
The person who is teaching is a full professor.
What is being enforced is the law.
It was the bailiffs who were doing the execution.
What is being harvested is rice in the farmland.
It is the children of farmers who are harvesting.
What is being managed is the computer room.
What is being managed is the dedicated administrator of the school.
What is captured is prey.
It is the hunter who captures.
What is being beaten is the drum.
The ones doing the beating are drummers who have been in the drumming industry for decades.
Playing the role of a dragon.
He plays Jet Li.
The study is corporate culture.
The research focuses on corporate researchers.
What leaps over is the canyon.
A leaping professional athlete.
What was discovered was a new ancient civilization.
What was discovered was an archeology professor.
Investigate the economic development of towns and villages.
Economics professor who researched townships.
Form for recording experiments.
Record the results of the experiment.
Crocodile that ate tourists.
Cat that ate tourists.
Lost his lovely dog.
The wild dog that bit his family.
Spoon for scooping watermelon.
Peel the watermelon.
Repair table legs.
Hammer for repairing table.
Presidents who visit other countries.
Visit tourist attractions in other countries.
Programmers searching for programs.
Search the program's code.
Stones in three rivers.
Three river stones.
Two horses on the meadow.
Horses on two meadows.
Three toy car batteries.
Batteries for three toy cars.
Four cameras on the table.
Four cameras on the table.
Two kitchen knives.
Two kitchen knives.
Four newspaper articles.
Four newspaper articles.
Visited a thousand-year-old building.
We visited ancient buildings for five hours.
It took ten minutes to pick out the wood.
Thousand-year-old wood was selected.
Played the role for two minutes.
Playing the role of a character from 500 years ago.
Wrote 5 meeting reports in a row.
I wrote the meeting report for 5 hours straight.
I talked about history for 2 hours.
It talks about 100 years of history.
It took me 6 minutes to draw.
Painted 6 paintings.
I made 5 test papers.
I took a 5-minute test.
Items that sell quickly.
Selling expensive merchandise.
Build fast buildings.
Build huge buildings.
Explore deserted areas.
Explore clear areas.
Watch great movies.
Watch comfortable movies.
Procurement goes smoothly.
Purchase fragile products.
Research difficult problems.
Research questions clearly.
Easy to operate machine.
Operate important machinery.
Imprison ruthless criminals.
Highly imprisoned criminals.
Submit the teacher's workbook.
Submit the red workbook.
Donate library books.
Donate foreign books.
Birthday gifts for leaders.
Send birthday gifts.
The legs of the blanket and stool were broken.
The sleeves of his clothes and his crutch were dirty.
Computer screens and chairs need to be arranged neatly.
Throw away the computer on the desk and the sofa.
Security guards and police officers working at the mall interacted outside the building.
Birds and fish in the sky are his prey.
It is the hard-working farmers who reap the harvest.
The harvest is delicious fruit.
Created by a scientist.
What is created is a robot.
The crackdown is on theft.
Those who crack down hard are well-trained special police officers.
The investigation was into this corruption case.
The people being investigated were those involved in corruption in this case.
What was missed was this rare opportunity.
What is missed are the athletes who have been waiting for the opportunity for a long time.
The performances are performed by top actors from the province.
The performer is Sun Wukong from Journey to the West.
What is launched is a mobile phone that transcends generations.
What a great company to launch.
Those who do scientific research are front-line scientists.
Scientific research is in emerging fields internationally.
The research is on internationally renowned mathematical problems.
The researchers are internationally renowned mathematicians who specialize in mathematical problems.
The solutions are five internationally renowned mathematical problems.
It was solved by five internationally renowned mathematicians.
Killed the landlord's cat.
The killer who killed the landlord.
Studio people renovating the house.
Decorate the studio room of the house.
Study the overall architecture of the code.
The overall architect of the research code.
See the interior of the Grand Palace.
Get an inside look at the Grand Palace.
Sanctions on Iran's economy.
Economic powers that impose sanctions on Iran.
Develop the country’s economic level.
Economics expert in developing countries.
Gangs that fight economic crime.
Police to fight economic crime.
Investigate suspects in major cases.
A criminal police officer who investigates suspects in major cases.
I like the travelers I meet while traveling.
A traveler who loves the process of traveling.
A piece of clothing from a cupboard.
A cupboard of clothes.
Monks in three temples.
Three monks in the temple.
Four desktop computers.
Four computers on the table.
Cell phones on five beds.
Five cell phones on the bed.
Six magazine covers.
Six magazine covers.
Seven flowers in pots.
Flowers in seven pots.
Eight coins in wallet.
Eight coins in wallet.
Nine actors from the film.
Nine scenes from the movie.
The teacher taught history for three days.
The teacher taught three thousand years of history.
The historical drama was performed for two days.
A historical drama that has been performed for two thousand years.
I wrote my homework for three days.
Wrote three assignments.
I have been selling cars for more than ten years.
Sold a car that was more than ten years old.
I've been watching movies for more than ten years.
I watched a movie from more than ten years ago.
The store has been operating for more than ten years.
A store that has been running for more than ten years.
Once an important turning point in history.
An important historical turning point.
Difficult to purchase items.
Buy cheap items.
Products that are difficult to sell.
Selling cheap, inferior products.
A TV series with a wonderful plot.
Great TV show for the evening.
Feel the pleasant atmosphere.
Enjoy the happy atmosphere.
Study simple questions.
Research completed questions.
Strict examiners.
Examine students who are falling behind.
The cat that killed the hunter.
The tiger that killed the fox.
Killed the hunter's dog.
The tiger that killed the hunter.
Ate the chocolate cake.
The kid who ate the cake.
A girl who fell in love with a star.
Falling in love with the works of celebrities.
I misunderstood my parents’ good intentions.
A child who has wronged his parents.
The room's windows were repaired.
The decorator who repaired the room.
Sharks and tigers in the water are ferocious animals.
In one photo, he captured a bird and a cheetah in the sky.
What is harvested is the ripe fruit from the orchard.
The harvest is done by professional fruit growers in the orchard.
The doctor who is performing the operation is the doctor with the most clinical experience in the hospital.
The patients being operated on were seriously ill.
Investigate the economy of towns and villages.
Economist who researches towns and villages.
Record the entire process of the experiment.
A biologist who records experiments.
Knife for peeling apples.
Peel the apple.
Repair wooden table legs.
Saw for repairing wooden table.
Three school experimenters.
Experimenter at three schools.
Five pieces of furniture from the house.
Furniture in five houses.
Ten TV sets in the mall.
TV sets in ten malls.
Six chairs in the room.
Chairs in six rooms.
Visited the Centennial Palace.
Visited the palace for five minutes.
I wrote homework for 2 days in a row.
I wrote 2 homework assignments in a row.
I painted for 4 days.
Painted 4 paintings.
The suspect's fear.
A scene where the suspect is scared.
Food with unique taste.
Unique food from the north.
Items that sell quickly.
Selling expensive merchandise.
Porridge that smells delicious.
Enjoy delicious porridge.
A sofa that feels comfortable to the touch.
Shop for a comfortable sofa.
Buy and sell cheap goods.
Buy and sell goods that are convenient.
It's great that he came first in the exam.
His test scores were too good.
It is this behavior that is encouraged.
It is the encourager who encourages.
It is this heroic act that is rewarded.
The award was given by the presenter.
What is severely punished is theft.
The ones who crack down hard are well-trained special police officers.
This is the case being investigated.
The investigators were specially appointed criminal investigation experts from the province.
What was investigated was a large amount of smuggled items.
The person being investigated was a police officer who seized smuggled goods.
The research is on internationally renowned mathematical problems.
The researchers are internationally renowned mathematicians.
Decorate the bedrooms of the house.
Workers renovating the house.
Programmer studying code.
Study the details of the code.
A great man who changed the whole world.
Change the pattern of the entire world.
The key figure in solving this mathematical puzzle.
Solve part of this math puzzle.
Traffic police investigating traffic accident.
Investigate the causes of traffic accidents.
Love the process of traveling.
Travelers who like to travel.
Two sets of clothes in the cupboard.
Clothes in two cupboards.
Three umbrellas on the table.
Umbrellas on three tables.
Four candles on the cake.
Four candles on the cake.
Winner in five games.
Five winners of the competition.
Six rifles in storage.
Rifles in six warehouses.
Two tickets to the concert.
Tickets for two concerts.
The school has experienced teachers.
The school has sufficient teachers.
The army is well equipped with weapons.
The army is well equipped warriors.
Explain the problem clearly.
Explain complex issues.
Inherit and develop traditional culture.
Inherit the traditional culture of painting.
The hunter's dog was sold.
The hunter who sold his dog.
Words that hurt others.
Hurt other people's feelings.
Children who moved their parents.
It touched the hearts of parents.
It ignited the flame of revenge in my heart.
It ignites a warm scene inside.
The room's windows were repaired.
The workers who repaired the room.
The judge is a judge.
The judge is a criminal.
It is my teacher who teaches.
We teach students who love learning.
Love the writing of this article.
Artistic young people who like this article.
Listen to the lyrics of beautiful music.
Listeners to beautiful music.
Enjoy the beautiful scenery of the garden.
Tourists admiring the garden.
A space station wandering through space.
Astronauts walking in space.
What was destroyed were historical monuments.
It’s the unqualified tourists who ruin it.
What was slaughtered were local protected animals.
It was greedy poachers who did the killing.
Trampling garden flowers.
Tourists trampling the garden.
Encircle and suppress the bandit's lair.
The regular army encircled and suppressed the bandits.
What was captured was rebel territory.
What was captured was the regular army.
The repairman is a car mechanic.
Repairs are made of dilapidated cars.
Assistance comes from poverty alleviation volunteers.
Assistance is provided to the elderly in poor areas.
Assist left-behind children in remote areas.
Dedicated volunteers assisting remote areas.
The prediction is the result of the next game.
The prediction was made by a famous fortune teller here.
Divination of future fortune.
A fortune teller who divines the future.
Calculate the total amount of employee wages.
Accountant who calculates employee wages.
People who create political parties.
Create a party constitution.
Play the climax of the piece.
Pianist playing music.
The music is played in Beethoven's major key.
The one playing was Beethoven.
The candidate is the squad leader.
It is the students in the class who are running for election.
The collection is of cultural relics of the Han Dynasty.
It is collected by collectors of cultural relics from the Han Dynasty.
The target was shot from a hundred meters away.
The shooter was a professional sniper.
Ten rings for hitting the target.
A shooter who hits the target.
A river in the plains.
A river on a plain.
Two room lamps.
Table lamps in both rooms.
Three bottles of mineral water on the table.
Mineral water on three tables.
Four exam papers.
Question papers for four exams.
Five pairs of socks in a drawer.
Five drawers of socks.
Six pills in a bottle.
Pills in six bottles.
Admire the ancient village for a few hours.
Admire the ancient villages hundreds of years ago.
Attended five hours of foreign language classes.
Taken five foreign language courses.
I wrote six copybooks.
I wrote the copybook for six days.
A beautiful piece of music was played.
A day of playing beautiful music.
Check the gun for bullets.
Police checking guns.
The subsidies are provided to students from poor families.
It is state agencies that subsidize.
Three teachers in the examination room gathered together to chat.
Teachers from three examination rooms gathered together to chat.
It is the people affected by the disaster who are being rescued.
The rescuers were firefighters.
Study textbook articles.
Students studying textbooks.
Build tall buildings in the city.
The workers who built the city.
I read the newspaper for ten days.
I read ten newspapers.
Doctors from three hospitals sat together for a meeting.
Three hospital doctors sat together for a meeting.
Perform a serious show.
Put on an interesting show.
Learn the lesson of being mindful.
Learn simple lessons.
Buy Tough Contraband.
Purchase rare contraband items.
Selling Neighbor Workbooks.
Sell excess workbooks.
Give leadership gifts.
Give the gift of adulthood.
Birds and fish in the sky all have a common ancestor.
The clouds and rain in the sky are intertwined.
Teachers in schools and police officers are public officials.
Teachers and students in the school live in harmony.
Oxygen and water in the air are indispensable.
Oxygen and carbon dioxide in the air are indispensable.
Two windows in the house made of glass.
Windows in both houses.
Five exam questions.
Questions from three exams.
Two theorems from the book.
Theorems from two books.
Four slaughterhouse cows.
Cattle from four slaughterhouses.
Two pairs of Chinese medicines from the pharmacy.
Chinese medicines from two pharmacies.
A bookstore book.
Books from two bookstores.
It is the candidates who are entrained.
What is included is the test paper.
What was being traded was an ivory.
The transactions were conducted by two wealthy men.
Savor is a wonderful story.
The one who tasted it was an old man on the roadside.
The explanation is the history of this ancient building.
The explanation was given by a very professional tour guide.
The screenshot was a video.
The screenshot is of a classmate who is looking for pictures.
The calculation is a relatively difficult physics question.
The calculations were made by the math class representatives in our class.
It was an important football match in charge.
The person in charge is a professional football coach.
Leading major engineering projects.
It is the leaders of this country who lead.
What is tested is mathematical ability.
The competition was between two mathematical geniuses.
The carver was a carpenter.
The carving is a piece of marble.
Check the textbook for leadership.
Check textbook prices.
Eat the fish's tail.
Fish eating customers.
Discuss mathematical formulas.
Meeting to discuss mathematics.
Towel for wiping table.
Wipe the legs of the table.
Lost direction of the road.
Tourists who have lost their way.
The mystery that reveals the truth.
Records that reveal the truth.
Record realistic scenes.
Films documenting reality.
A veil that covers the face.
Covering pimples on face.
Explain the solution to the problem.
The teacher who explains the topic.
Retrieve a list of goods.
Retrieve cargo leader.
Government workers inspecting private companies.
Inspect the operations of private companies.
Set the stage quickly.
Build a shining stage.
Cultivate attentive bacteria.
Cultivate tiny bacteria.
Review sloppy documents.
Review important documents.
Demolition of buildings that are slow.
Demolish dilapidated buildings.
