He wanted to drag his village cadets down the water to deal drugs.
After graduation, the students decided to go to the pool together and bathe.
Eating up an enemy's share.
He likes to eat fruit.
I have not yet been given accommodation, so I can only go out at night.
Our troops are everywhere to strike at the enemy.
In the 1990s, many people went into the maritime trade.
Fishermen living on the coast depend on fishing in the low seas.
This man is a rotten piece of wood.
The furniture contains some decaying wood.
He was a man who loved to lose something.
He likes to wear red clothes.
The police have stopped several people here.
The train station has installed an automatic checkout machine.
The period is over, the river is flowing.
The national security, talented to build well.
His guilt is still sufficient to warn the administration.
If he commits a sin, he will be punished by law.
He received orders to remove the enemy's buildings.
Raising both with a fire, the pain will be alleviated.
Several members of the defence department have taken the mint seriously, and none of them want to take private objects out of the factory.
There's a lot of talk that will be lost, there's a door in your mouth.
He took a look at him.
White ran for a second.
He guessed that there were hundreds of languages.
He was a sniper, a hundred percent.
Your mouth is too fast.
His mouth is not small.
Our country has our country's situation, and the management of the entire relocation process is not working.
Move the vase to the balcony.
He was facing up, looking very angry.
The floor is very flat, not good.
At the time, foreign students had to spend a year in pre-primary.
My family lives on the Huangtung hill.
The land is not very dense.
The bookshelf is too thin to withstand the pressure of books.
The ministers are preparing to play a piece.
A group of students are playing the national anthem.
A bullet retaliates against an enemy.
These companies are required to pay the factory for new products.
rational control of work and learning.
Action is thought-driven.
The child in this room needs to be fixed.
This bike needs to be repaired.
He quoted the ancient scriptures several times in his writings.
He excelled at invoking uncovered talents.
He forced his parents to buy him a piano.
The army has already reached the outskirts of the city.
Dress more than your body.
This year is different than last year.
Walking after dinner was his mandatory class.
Modern Chinese is our essential subject.
Chains and gears have been bitten.
You have to be honest, don't bite anyone.
We will never let our homeland's colors change.
This type of advertising color is of good quality, color-consistent.
For this year's event, the province of Minsk sent four hundred athletes to fight.
After the Battle of the Sea, the PLA army had a total of about 500,000 troops.
He then went down to show the audience.
This project has already been completed.
This engineer is a big-grass pack.
The director used a grass bag as a food bag.
If you don't take care, you're not going to get a good education.
His feet are healed.
These soldiers have already taken over the house twice.
He was taking notes, who didn't come to class yesterday.
He was a businessman, and now he is a company chairman.
The model is naked, dedicated to art.
This man's table was on for three minutes.
This guy walked for three minutes.
Please put these two sentences together.
He is tying up this beautiful city's streets.
Spring is a dream that is in the hearts of two young people.
The spring is here.
This cat is getting all messed up.
The water rises higher than the bridge.
He is calling the army a telegram that they urgently need.
He's beating up the man he hates.
There are many shops on this street that can be used as jewelry.
He didn't take this as a big deal.
The woman was lying in her mouth.
In residential areas without sanitation, residents fall into their designated car every morning.
Under his name, Zhi has drawn a path.
It's not even up front, where are you going?
This store is a fine-grained, second-hand store.
The shop is already on the roof.
On the field, he had a hairy heart.
A little uncomfortable, he started to lose his hair.
The director's case recently finally came to a head.
This stretch of road is easily overturned.
His hobby is to drill books.
Drill a hole in the wall.
The spirit of the bourgeois trafficking.
The drug trade.
Hearing his words of comfort, a warmth surged upon his head.
This heat wave to this ocean has brought abundant food resources.
His words were simply an auction of youth.
His paintings were auctioned for $10,000.
Banking is a very busy business.
This dress is a little fat.
A boiling mass movement scene.
The boiling point of the liquid is the temperature.
The comrades of the investigative team were distributed to various locations.
The comrades of the investigative team distributed labor insurance supplies.
Please do not distract yourself when sending out a package.
Please spread out the leaflets on your hands.
This year the wind is calm and rainy, and the farmers' autumn view must be very good.
The autumn views of this tourist city are beautiful.
The sound of the wind is blowing.
Hearing the wind outside the window, he never slept through the night.
The drug is administered with warm water.
Do not be oppressors, but do as you please.
He is an old Jiangzheng.
He was fourteen years old when he was thrown into the river.
He has flown several times in office, and has a lot of experience.
The small boat sank in the sea with the huge waves.
These construction workers are building a shop dedicated to the sale of child labor.
In this cold weather he only made a blanket to sleep on.
The teacher drew many pictures in his textbooks.
He was holding a long-sleeved shirt in his hand.
When he sang to a high pitched voice, his shoe couldn't get up.
The content he says is quite high-pitched, but it is not easy to do.
His writing plans were in shambles.
The cargo ship is docked, and must find a way to transport it by land.
The main force forces have already launched an offensive against enemy buildings.
After two years of offensive, the technical difficulty was finally solved.
This object is not yet known which year it is an antique.
Those who have been in contact with him consider this man to be an antique.
The rain brush on the car is glass.
These two little girls often have parents.
He still had a factory thing hanging in his mind.
The moon hangs in the sky.
It's not easy to do, any joint can be broken.
Whenever it rains, she feels a pain in her joints.
I'm used to getting up early, sleeping uncomfortable.
Now there are families, often with children.
He did something he shouldn't have done, he's possessed.
Parents in the home often use ghost stories to scare the child.
For this matter, he had a script in his heart.
A beam of light passes through a lens to form a spectrum.
The wildlife is alive.
A car accident has occurred.
He had made a lot of famous wine from the back door.
Not far from the back door is a small pool.
Ding-wook's hand is shut, and neither will his daughter.
The whole house is closed, no one is there anymore.
The teachers of kindergarten carefully cultivate the flowers of the homeland.
Beautiful flowers also have a time to thank you.
The company has hired several pots, which are specially designed for hospitality.
There is a beautiful vase in the living room of the void.
The landslide of large mountains caused by heavy rains has attracted high attention from the government.
The number of trees collected by this plant has been slipping, causing production to decline.
He is on his way home from work and he is writing a letter to him.
He's driving home from work.
He returned to the boiler last year, intending to re-examine the university.
These copper scrap need to be re-roasted.
After three months of visiting the area, the commission gave them a rear-wheel drive gun.
On the battlefield he gave the enemy a rear-horses rifle.
He cried out to the valley, receiving only a response.
He knocked on the door for half a day, not receiving any echoes from the room.
His speech is full of a flavor of fire.
The battlefield was filled with the smell of fireworks.
Good work requires a lot of practice.
Good steel has to be repeatedly worked out.
The child is already working hard to prepare for the high school exam, so don't give him any more time.
It is best to cook or to eat after heating.
This guy is too heavy, don't move.
This guy was not well-meaning.
A plan must have reasonable measures to ensure that it does not fail.
This house is a fictional, five feet above ground level.
Before writing a novel, you have to build a good shelf.
There is a large bookshelf in his house.
This year, the cucumber is a little bit of a mess.
This man is a mean man.
Second-hand market goods are generally a commodity.
This man is a bastard.
He intends to call four dishes.
In the patient's mouth, the name of his wife is mentioned.
The couple again had a fire at home over the child's affair.
This unit engaged the enemy on the way to the battlefield.
This shoe belt he could untie in just 10 seconds.
This mathematical problem is very difficult to solve.
The phone interrupted his speech.
This large tree was cut from the middle.
For the sake of profit, he sold his friend to a friend.
He was selling eggs at the school gate.
He entered a shoe store.
He put on a pair of shoes.
I don't want to dig a corner in someone else's company.
There are many heads piled up under the corner of the wall.
This weekend is the time to pay the cleaning staff.
It's okay inside, you need to open the windows.
If you want to do big things, you're bound to fight.
The road is smooth, so be careful not to wrestle.
The factory lost hundreds of thousands of yuan.
His body was damaged after several days of continuous work.
His long-suffering heart condition finally settled down.
The autumn leaves have fallen.
His research on pregnant women is in a situation where under current research conditions it is easy to become infertile.
Pregnancy in middle-aged women is easily infertile.
This sentence is a reference to the ancient text.
He quotes only his relatives.
The internal combustion of this engine is very serious.
The internal consumption of their sector is very serious.
He stood in the distance to catch a ball.
He intends to take over the job of factory manager.
Once his hand touched the fire, it was restored.
We have already made contact with the enemy.
Let's take a look at this.
Let's get this hot tea cold.
The years are old.
There are 365 days in a year.
He has a broad, thick voice.
He was a man of broad stature, highly respected by all.
Young children like to draw others.
I've brought you up.
This well-known company is a leader in the industry.
Please, Master, come and fix the head.
He was constantly pinning mud in his hand.
This is the new thing he's been making up.
He was a quadriplegic while on active duty.
He twisted his own bad habits.
He twisted his body, waving, and walking.
His soul was distorted by this incident.
When an earthquake struck, he immediately fell.
He had a little difficulty, and he immediately got off.
They are filming the scene of the tidal wave.
They're shooting a movie.
He was good at it, and soon climbed the throne of the commander.
Visiting the palace, we saw the throne of the Qing Dynasty emperor.
In modern times, only a university student's degree can't find a good job.
Please go and put up a sign at that intersection.
To leave his homeland.
It is a deviation from the correct principles.
He likes the cliffs.
He likes his boss.
This game has entered a disabled stage.
Collect the remaining balance of this matter.
Now that the market is bad, hurry up and throw out the goods you have in your hand.
He was ordered to throw the ball out of his hand.
This guy is a real barber, he can't do anything.
There is no food in the canister.
The cannon force in the unit is very powerful.
The government has stipulated that during the previous year, you cannot have guns in your home.
This teacher is very careful about training his students.
This gardener is carefully cultivating his plants.
These clothes are all good skin.
About this area, I only know skin hair.
We'll meet again next week.
The theme they chose coincided.
Please give me a layer of leather for this book.
His hand fell off a layer of skin.
He had a busy day, feeling very tired.
The book market is already very tired.
He had just moved out of the house, feeling very tired.
Long-term use of the magnet, it will become tired.
No one is willing to hire her as a maid.
This law firm wants to hire a legal advisor.
The government has quieted the unrest.
This resulted in a world record breaking.
The sea level is flattened.
My wound has been healed.
He broke a lot of money this time on the street.
He broke the world record again this time.
They cut their own stomachs.
This article delves deeply into this question.
He has become the flagship of the entire army.
Today, there are many flags of Xi'an on the streets.
Don't burn your house, come and eat at my house.
Don't get burned, be careful to stay calm.
Sea water rose during this storm.
If you have any questions, please stand up.
The two men had a cow.
This is the lead thing.
He plunged into the city.
He plunged into the sea.
This color is too faint.
I have little knowledge of the color of clothes.
This plan has been shot down.
He was shot by police for committing a crime.
Rape of the public opinion.
He raped a minor girl.
This woman is very nice.
These rice flocks are very popular on the market.
The people of the city called this man "Blue Sky".
The weather in this area is not as clear as the blue sky.
This place is the sky above a blue cloud.
He is already a person who climbs the Qingzhong.
It is a light but meaningful gift.
There is a thin piece of paper on the table.
The clouds in the sky appear to be light.
At first glance, it feels like he's a looseheaded man.
His singing made the theater's audience fall apart.
This house collapsed in a hurricane.
She dumped a car coal outside.
She shed tears, pouring out all her regret.
This sentence needs to go a few wrong words.
Tomorrow, the panda will be going to Beijing.
Tomorrow's riverside game, our company will be fully mobilized.
After this battle, the entire enemy army was defeated.
The formation of a sword requires heat treatment.
This problem cannot be hot-processed.
Burning an object requires a certain amount of heat.
His enthusiasm for the matter continued for a long time.
The day generally rises from the east.
There are 365 days in a year.
This food is too bitter to enter.
The importation of goods must be through customs.
This food is very tasty.
This movie is very tasty.
Please put these flowers on.
Use the engine oil to lubricate the engine's rotating part.
This is a very nice place.
This article is a great one.
Please stretch out your tongue.
They came back from the enemy camp with a tongue.
It is already very late at night.
This well is deep.
My little boy is starting to change his teeth.
His shoes are all dental.
This little child needs to be picked up.
This broken table needs to be repaired.
This person who committed the crime needs to be repaired.
This faulty machine needs to be repaired.
evacuate the clogged sewerage system.
The evacuation of the conflict between the two villages.
There is too much water in this article.
The water in this lake will boil.
But that little money is my private room.
The private houses in this zone must be demolished.
His mouth was broken, and he spoke day and night.
This glass is broken.
This science fiction film tells the story of a space traveler and a boy on Earth who come into contact with each other.
She was the first female astronaut to fly aboard a spacecraft that accompanied Earth.
The Cherzh Li, taught by this teacher, is an elite in all fields.
The peaches at the door are colorful.
Theoretically strong articles can also be written in a simple and easy-to-understand manner, not necessarily in a full-length book.
He had a dream last night that a fairy gave him a diary.
He was going to the post office to send a message.
He threw a pitch yesterday.
This glass window is very transparent.
After hearing this, his heart was clear.
This type of tank is now out of service.
He is a retired military officer.
The person who is to lead the crime must be the one who is to lead the crime.
Many families are working on their errands.
But this book is the baby he just bought from the bookstore.
This mother took her newborn baby out to play.
This teacher asked the student to write a text he had just written on the blackboard.
Schools require students to pack a book bag for school.
He is writing lyrics for a song he will sing at his party tomorrow night.
He is preparing the lawn shoes to wear for tomorrow's battle.
This magician is becoming a magician.
This deserted area is well-known.
This soldier will wear a badge when he comes home.
This leader would take a few pieces of protective clothing on a private visit.
Please specify this table for the opening of the watch shop.
He's working on a watch shop.
He is used to wiping his mouth with a towel after eating.
The plane was scratching the top of the mountain.
This is the season when the turtle is born from the mountains.
This season, many babies are born.
He was walking down the street next to this clothing store.
He is wearing a red dress.
He's making a tent for his sleep tonight.
He is returning home in a luxury boat.
The actor's shirt is down.
This house collapsed in a storm.
If he leaves office, no one can resist his work.
This train is about to arrive in Shanghai.
The enemy in this fortress often comes out to harm the people, and the forces intend to pull this nail off.
The tabletop needs to be nailed with two nails to prevent it from breaking.
Your eyes are so poisonous that they can find criminals among so many people.
This snake is poisonous, and can kill people instantly.
Using wind power to generate electricity is the new energy policy.
This unit, which has been attacked by the enemy, is supplying power to the headquarters.
This temple has just been overhauled by workers who have been repairing it.
This bomb blew up this tank.
He gave a lecture, and once again made a mistake at school that he shouldn't have made.
He gave a lecture in class, once again violating school rules.
It is strictly forbidden to add preservatives to such foods.
A good reader has his own preservative when reading.
This car is going fast.
This knife cutter is fast-moving.
High-voltage power lines are being laid here.
This electrical worker was in hospital for blood pressure tests, his high blood pressure was too high.
There was a "zh" on his skin.
After a betrayal, there was a gap between their relationship.
This man has no bones.
A total of 206 bones per person are found.
You should wrap your hair around this kind of leaf.
You shouldn't tie two different things together.
She is a red flag of the railway sector.
Every morning, the school playground is to be flown red flag.
This idea is once again on the rise.
This floor will be flooded again in the summer.
She plans to open a supermarket here.
This pilot's mission today is to fly a large plane.
He was once poor, but now he's changed.
This house is very large.
