The invention of the wheel was made by a great scientist.
The invention of a robot is a fact.
What matters is high scores.
Caring is about caring about you, but you don't care about people.
criticizing is the student who committed the wrong thing.
criticize teachers who are strict in their teaching.
The fruit of the orchard that is being harvested is the fruit of the vineyard.
The harvest is being made by the farmer in the orchard.
The surgeon is a healthy doctor.
The patient who is undergoing the surgery is a life-threatening patient.
What is being taught is knowledge.
The professor who is teaching is the professor of medicine.
The law is being enforced.
The French police are executing.
The crop is being harvested in the Silicon Valley of the farmlands.
The children of farmers are harvesting the crops.
The machine room is being managed.
It is being managed by a school administrator who is specialised in the school.
The catch is the prey.
The hunters are captured.
Drumming is the drumming.
The knockers are drummers who have been in the drumming industry for decades.
The player is a dragon.
The role of Li Lianzhzh is played.
The study of corporate culture is a matter of study.
The study was conducted by corporate researchers.
The leap is the canyon.
Professional athlete who jumps.
The discovery of a new ancient civilization.
The discovery was made by an archaeology professor.
research the economic development of the township.
researched a professor of economics in a rural town.
record the form of the experiment.
record the results of the experiment.
Eaten the tourist's fish.
Eaten the cat of the tourist.
He lost his beloved dog in his home.
He was bitten by his family's wild dog.
The pumpkin's roots are dug.
Cut the skin of the pumpkin.
Repair the table's table feet.
The repair of the table.
Visiting the presidents of other countries.
Visiting other countries' attractions.
A programmer who searches for a program.
The code for the search engine.
The stones of the Three Rivers.
Three rocks in the river.
Two horses on the grass.
A horse on two meadows.
The battery of a toy car.
Batteries for three toy cars.
The camera is on four tables.
There are four cameras on the table.
The kitchen knife in the kitchen.
The kitchen knife in both kitchens.
Four newspaper articles.
Four newspaper articles.
Visit the building of thousands of years ago.
A five-hour tour of the old building.
Selected wood for ten minutes.
Selected the timber of the millennium.
She played the role of two minutes.
played a figure from 500 years ago.
has written five conference reports in a row.
wrote a five-hour conference report in a row.
The two-hour history talk.
It tells the story of a hundred years of history.
He painted for six minutes.
He painted six paintings.
Five test papers were taken.
I did a five-minute test.
sell fast-moving goods.
sell expensive goods.
build a rapidly growing building.
build a huge building.
Explore the deserted areas.
Explore the area that is clear.
Watch a great movie.
Watch a comfortable movie.
to purchase smoothly produced products.
purchase of fragile products.
Researching difficult problems.
The question of clear research.
easy to operate machine.
manipulate important machines.
Prisoners of murder are criminals.
The prison system is for serious criminals.
I'm going to have to meet my teacher's homework.
The red textbook is red.
Donate books to the library library.
Donate books abroad.
He sent a leadership gift for his birthday.
Send a birthday present.
The blanket and the legs of the coat are all broken.
His sleeves and crutches were dirty.
The computer screen and chair need to be neatly arranged.
The computer and sofa on the table are all thrown away.
The security personnel and police working at this mall communicated outside the building.
Birds and fish in the air are his prey.
The harvest is the hardworking farmer.
The harvest is the fruit of the cottage.
created by a scientist.
created a robot.
The most severe punishment is theft.
The hardest hit was a long-trained special agent.
The investigation is on this corruption case.
An investigation is underway into the corruption figures involved in the case.
What we missed was this rare opportunity.
What is missing are athletes who have been waiting for an opportunity for a long time.
The show is performed by a line-up of actors from the province.
The performance is sung by the Western Yogami.
The launch was a cross-generational phone.
The launch of a great company.
The scientific research is a line of scientists.
Research is an internationally emerging field.
He is studying internationally renowned mathematical problems.
The research is by internationally renowned mathematicians specializing in mathematical problems.
The solution is five internationally known mathematical problems.
The solution was found by five internationally renowned mathematicians.
Killing the cat of the landlord.
Killing the owner's killer.
Staff from the home improvement studio.
Home renovation studio room room.
Research the overall structure of the code.
A general architect of code research.
Visit the interior of the palace.
visit the inner workings of the Grand Palace.
Sanctions on Iran's economy are in place.
Sanctions against Iran, the economic power, are imposed.
economic level of developing countries.
expert in the economics of developing countries.
A group that fights economic crime.
The police fight against economic crime.
suspected of investigating a major case.
Police are investigating the suspect in a major case.
I like travelers I meet on a tour.
Travelers who enjoy the process of traveling.
A wardrobe of clothes.
Clothes in a closet.
The monks in the 三座寺院.
The monks of the 三位寺.
Four desktops are computers.
Four computers on a table.
Mobile phones for five beds.
There are five cell phones in bed.
He is the first person to appear on the cover of six magazines.
He is a six-time magazine cover artist.
The seven flower pots in the flowerpot.
The flowers in the seven-potted potted plants.
There are eight coins in a wallet.
There are eight coins in a wallet.
The actors in nine films.
The plot of nine films.
The teacher gave a three-day history.
Teachers taught about 3,000 years of history.
A two-day historical drama was staged.
The play is a two-thousand-year-old historical drama.
He wrote a three-day assignment.
He has written three works.
Sold a car that is over a decade old.
I sold a car that was ten years old.
I've been watching movies for decades.
I saw a movie about ten years ago.
It has been operating a store for decades.
He has been running a family store for decades.
was once an important historical turning point.
It is a significant historical turning point.
buy hard to buy goods.
buy cheap goods.
difficult to sell products.
sell cheap, low-quality products.
The plot is a wonderful TV series.
A great television series tonight.
Feel the pleasant atmosphere.
Enjoy the joyful atmosphere.
The study of simple questions.
The question of whether the study was completed.
The examination is strictly for the examiners.
The examination examines students who are behind.
The cat of a hunter was bitten to death.
The tiger bit the fox.
Killed the hunter's dog.
killed the tiger of the hunter.
I ate the chocolate cake.
The little boy ate the cake.
I fell in love with the star girl.
I fell in love with the work of the stars.
I blame the parents' good work for the wrong.
The child's parents are wrong.
Repaired the windows of the room.
The room's repairmen repaired the room.
Sea turtles and tigers are wild animals.
In one photo, he photographed birds and falcons in the air.
Harvesting is the ripening of the fruit in the orchard.
Harvesting is the professional cultivation of fruit in the orchard.
The surgeons who are performing the surgery are the most experienced clinicians in the hospital.
The surgeon is a patient with a serious illness.
research the economy of the township.
Economist from the township research.
record the entire process of the experiment.
biologists who recorded experiments.
Cut the knife of fruit.
Cut the skin of the fruit.
Repair the table legs of a wooden table.
Repair the shell of a wooden table.
Three school experimenters.
Experimenters from the Three Zhi Schools.
Furniture in five houses.
The furniture in the house.
TVs in ten shopping malls.
TVs in ten shopping malls.
There are six chairs in the room.
A chair in a six-room room.
Visit the Palace of the Hundred Years.
A five-minute visit to the palace.
wrote two consecutive days of homework.
wrote two homework assignments in a row.
He painted four murals.
He painted four paintings.
The fear of the suspect.
The scene of the suspect's fear.
The taste of the unique food.
A unique northern food.
sell goods quickly.
sell expensive goods.
It smells delicious and delicious.
Taste the deliciousness of the dish.
A comfortable, touching couch.
Choose to buy a comfortable sofa.
Buy and sell cheap goods.
buy and sell convenient goods.
He's been very good at first place.
He did very well in the examinations.
This kind of behavior is encouraged.
What is encouraged is the encouragement of the teacher.
The award is for this act of bravery.
The award is given to the awarding guest.
The most serious is theft.
Strictly speaking, they are highly trained special agents.
The investigation is on this case.
The investigation was conducted by specialised detective experts from the province.
The search was for a large amount of smuggled goods.
The search was conducted by a police officer who was smuggling smuggled goods.
He is studying internationally renowned mathematical problems.
The study was conducted by internationally renowned mathematicians.
The bedroom of the house is decorated.
Workers who repaired the house.
A programmer who has studied code.
The problem of studying the details of the code.
The great man who changed the world.
change the landscape of the entire world.
a key figure in solving this mathematical problem.
solving some of the content of this mathematical problem.
Police are investigating the traffic accident.
investigate the cause of the traffic accident.
I like the process of traveling.
Travellers who like to travel are attracted to tourism.
Clothes in two closets.
Clothes in two closets.
Three rains on the table.
Three pieces of rain on the table.
Four pieces of cake on the cake.
Four cakes on the cake.
The champion of five races.
The champion of five races.
Six guns in the storage room.
There are six storage rooms with rifles.
Tickets for two concerts.
Tickets for two concerts.
Teachers with extensive school experience.
The school has adequate teachers.
The army is well equipped with excellent weapons.
The army is well-armed warriors.
clarify the problem.
explain complex problems.
inherit the development of traditional culture.
inherited the traditional culture of painting.
Sold the hunter's dog.
Sold the dog hunter.
hurt the speech of others.
hurt the feelings of others.
The children of their parents were touched.
It touched the hearts of the parents.
A vengeance flame burned within them.
It ignited a warm picture of the innermost heart.
Repaired the windows of the room.
Workers who repaired the room.
A judge is the judge.
A trial is a trial of a criminal.
My teacher teaches me.
Teaching is for students who love to learn.
I like the writing on this article.
I love the young people who wrote this article.
Listen to the lyrics of moving music.
listen to the audience of moving music.
Enjoy the exciting landscape of the garden.
Visitors can enjoy the garden.
Walk around the space station.
Astronauts who wandered through space.
The destruction of historical monuments is what is happening.
The disruption is caused by unskilled tourists.
The slaughter is the protection of local animals.
The slaughter is the greedy thief-hunter.
Trampled on the flowers of the garden.
Tourists trampling on the garden.
The old nest of the surrounding land.
The regular army of the surrounding territory.
The invasion was the rebellion's territory.
The attack was carried out by the regular army.
Repair is done by the car repairman.
Repairing is a broken car.
Aid is provided by volunteers who are working to alleviate poverty.
The help is provided by the elderly in the poorest areas.
help children who are staying in remote areas.
help volunteers in remote areas.
predicts the outcome of the next match.
The prediction is made by the famous fortune teller on this side.
predict future developments.
The fortune teller who predicts the future.
calculates the total wages of employees.
calculate the accounting of employees' salaries.
The man who created the party.
The party chapter of the party that created the party.
The high-water mark of playing music.
A pianist who plays music.
The player is played in a Beethoven-hymn.
Beethoven is playing.
The candidate is the captain of the crew.
The students in the class are the ones who are running.
The collection includes Han Dynasty artifacts.
The collection is held by the Han Dynasty Art Collector.
The shooter is a 100-meter-high shark.
Shooting is a professional sniper.
Hit the 10th ring of the Zhongs.
The shooter of the hitchhiker.
A river on the plain.
A river in the plain.
The lamps in the two rooms.
the lamps in the two rooms.
Three bottles of mineral water on the table.
Three tables of mineral water on the table.
Four test papers of the exam.
The test of four subjects.
There are five double-sided shots.
The five-pack of the shrimp.
The pill is in six bottles.
The pills in six bottles.
Enjoy a few hours of old village.
Enjoy the ancient village of Zh, which dates back hundreds of years.
I have studied a five-hour foreign language course.
He has taken five foreign language courses.
I wrote six posts.
I wrote a six-day post.
Playing a wonderful music.
Playing wonderful music for the day.
check the bullet of the gun.
Police are checking guns.
The grant is for students in poor families.
The grant is provided by state institutions
Three teachers from the exams were gathered together to chat.
Teachers from all three campuses gathered together to chat.
Rescue is the work of the injured masses.
Rescue was provided by firefighters.
The study of textbooks.
Students who are studying the textbook.
Building high-rises in a city.
workers building cities.
I've been looking at the newspapers for ten days.
I've seen ten newspapers.
The doctors of the three hospitals sit together and meet.
Three doctors at the hospital sit together and meet.
show serious shows.
performing fun shows.
Learn a program with a focus on learning.
Learn a simple course of study.
buy hard to transport goods.
purchase rare and forbidden goods.
Sell neighborhood homework books.
Sell excess homework books.
Send a leadership gift.
Send gifts for the senior year.
Birds and fish have common ancestors.
Clouds and rain in the sky are intertwined.
Both the school's teachers and the police are public servants.
The teachers and students of the school are in good harmony.
The oxygen and water in the air are indispensable.
The oxygen and carbon dioxide in the air are indispensable.
Glass windows in two rooms.
Windows in two rooms.
The subject of the five-course examination.
The three-part essay essay.
The theorem of the two books.
The theorem of the two books.
Four cows from the slaughterhouse.
Four cows from the slaughterhouse.
The Chinese medicine of two pharmacies.
The Chinese medicine of two pharmacies.
A book from a bookstore.
The books of two bookstores.
The students are the ones who are taking the exam.
The test is carried out by a test.
to trade is an ivory.
to trade is two wealthy people.
Taste is a wonderful story.
The taste is like an old man on the side of the road.
It explains the history of this ancient building.
The explanation is that a very professional guide.
The intercepted video is a video.
The intercept was taken by classmates who were looking for pictures.
Calculation is a more difficult physical problem.
is calculated by the representative of the mathematics class in our classroom.
The commander is an important football match.
The command is given by a professional football coach.
lead major engineering projects.
is led by the leader of this country.
The test is mathematical ability.
The Bish test is a two-step math test.
The carving is of a carpenter.
The engraving is a piece of marble.
check the leadership of the textbook.
Check the price of the textbook.
The tail of a fish eater.
A customer who eats fish.
discuss mathematical formulas.
discussed a meeting on mathematics.
Wash the tablecloths.
wipe the table's table feet.
The direction of the lost road.
Tourists who have lost their way.
revealing the truth behind the story.
record of revealing the truth.
record a real-life scene.
record a video of real life.
Cover your face.
The youth of the face-covering youth.
explain the solution of the problem.
Teacher of the subject of the lecture.
list of goods to be recovered.
The leader of the goods seized.
vizhits government employees of private companies.
Viz察 the operating situation of the private company.
build a fast stage.
Build a bright stage.
cultivate a very careful bacteria.
cultivate small bacteria.
The files of the tiger are being reviewed.
批阅 important documents.
demolish slow construction.
demolish the ruined buildings.
When the earthquake struck China, China was helping.
When the earthquake struck Japan, China was the only country to help.
The opposition is the government, which is corrupt and does not support mass gatherings.
The opposition is the government, the masses demanding this corrupt government reform.
Tiger hunting is the main activity, and the number of tigers is decreasing dramatically.
The tiger is the hunter, and it chases the sheep very quickly.
The order was that the officers of the division be called upon to meet this morning.
ordered that the officers of the division, the division's subordinate brigades, be called upon to assemble immediately.
What worries her wife is that her husband has not been in contact with her for a long time.
What worries my wife is that after I leave she won't know if she can take care of the whole family.
She was worried about her mother, her mother who had given her a bad health.
She was worried about her mother, whose mother was sick and needed care.
The opposite is that the King Teacher, the King Teacher does not support this curriculum.
The opposite is the King Teacher, others consider the suggestion of the King Teacher to be inappropriate.
Even the little ones wouldn't believe it, it was too much to believe.
Even the little boy did not believe him, because he was a skeptical man.
I haven't eaten, because the chicken has eaten too much.
I haven't eaten, because I've been eating all the time.
Little Red Riding Hood was never found, and hadn't been seen in a whole afternoon.
Little did not find it, little did feel very damned.
When  and  were killed, the main criticism was the writings of Rū迅zh.
This man is a bigot, criticizing only the writings of Rusunzh.
The investigation is being conducted by students, who witnessed the incident.
The students are investigated because they have to complete the assignments assigned by the teacher.
This woman, who cares for the child, is always by her side when the child is sick.
Caring for the baby, she needs to be carefully cared for after giving birth to the baby.
Respecting the teachers of students, this is what every student parent should do.
A teacher who respects students, he always takes students' advice.
Employees who care about the enterprise, these employees often go to work from the corporate headquarters.
Employees who care about the enterprise, employers need to improve their living accommodation treatment.
If an enemy sentry is detected, this sentry needs to report the enemy immediately.
detected enemy sentries, could not let the enemy sentries escape.
I like girls from Shanghai because they all have a passion for fashion.
I like Shanghai girls, because Shanghai is a bustling city.
connected the female secretary of the director, because the violation of the female secretary led to the director being held accountable.
connected the female secretary of the director, because the director's violation of the law led to the female secretary being held accountable.
The end of the term is approaching, so we need to review a semester's assignment.
This semester does not teach new knowledge, it requires a review of a semester's homework.
The daughter of a mother who hates her mother, this mother's son does not like his sister.
The daughter of a mother who hates her mother, this mother's daughter has a bad relationship with her mother.
He crashed his brother's bike, and his brother was furious about his bike being hit.
He crashed his brother's bike, and thankfully his brother was not injured.
Because they had to travel for many days, they prepared dry food for the day.
For as long as they were to journey one day, they prepared dry food for one day.
Articles in the study of Rush Rush are generally written about Rush Rush's birth and death.
The articles of the study of Ruzhun are a must for modern literary research.
After defeating the enemy forces, this force was welcomed by the people upon their return.
To defeat enemy forces, further pursuit is required.
Scold the father of the child because the child failed the exam.
Curse the father of the child, for he betrayed marriage.
Please bring me the research materials and see.
Research materials are something every researcher must do.
Imported food is relatively higher in sales prices.
Importing food is not permitted by the country's policy.
Investigative materials must be submitted before the deadline.
Investigative materials sometimes require the collaboration of several people.
She was a child born last year, and now she's almost 1.
She was a child born last year, her child is now almost 1 year old.
Taxi cars are being squeezed by the network's services.
Taxi cars are growing into a new market.
He was injured while playing in the school, please send him to the school hospital immediately.
The school hospital is the two most crowded public places.
Literary languages are two closely related literary disciplines.
Literary language refers to the language used in literary works.
Biological history, one biology, one biology, and one biology.
Biological history refers to the history of biology.
The next national conference will be devoted to other countries' affairs.
The next international conference will discuss the affairs of other countries.
Ancient war novels are novels about ancient wars.
Ancient war novels are war novels written in ancient times.
African language studies refers to the study of African languages.
African Language Research is a language institute established in Africa.
A newly-trained dormitory is a dormitory dedicated to newly-trained teachers.
The newly-established dormitory is a newly-built school dormitory.
He's been buying this car for five years, and he wants to buy a new license.
He bought the car newly, and he wants to buy a new license.
A university English teacher refers to a professor who teaches university English.
A university English teacher is defined as a teacher of English who teaches at a university.
Leaders of the two schools spoke in the same opening ceremony one after another.
The leaders of the two schools signed an agreement between their respective schools to cooperate with each other.
There are three kindergarten children in the park, with a total of six children playing games.
There are three kindergarten children in the park, all in the same class.
There are two party MPs in the office, who attack each other's party views.
There are two party MPs in the office, who are running for the party's president.
Workers in three factories drank together, each bottling a total of three bottles of wine.
Workers in the three factories drank together, each bottling a total of 10 bottles of wine.
There are five hospital doctors in this building, and they discuss the cooperation of their respective departmental departments in the hospital.
There are doctors from five hospitals in this building, who are discussing collaboration in their respective hospitals.
Team members of two teams have been good friends since childhood, and they know each other well.
The two teams played a great game in the stadium for the audience.
The waiters of several hotels at the entrance of the hotel, who wanted to attract guests to their respective hotels, fought.
The waitresses of several hotels at the entrance to the hotel, because there were no guests, were chatting.
A vase sent by two friends to a chair, this vase was bought by his two friends together.
The bottles, sent by two friends, were bought by his three friends collectively.
For his help, everyone thanked him.
For his help, he repayed everyone with practical action.
He looked at the cats in three pet stores, and finally decided that a pet store in the middle would buy a cat.
He looked at three pet stores cats, finally deciding which one was the most adorable cat in the middle.
Police in two cities have signed an inter-city cooperation agreement to combat crime.
Police in two cities are patrolling the streets.
The young man was greatly encouraged, encouraged by the teacher.
Subsidies are issued to teachers, and teachers are encouraged to do so.
Because teachers take their classes seriously, the teachers are the ones who are rewarded.
For taking classes seriously, the Gaj Award is given to teachers.
The knife cutter was his father, because his father was a doctor.
The operation was carried out by his father, who was seriously ill.
This is a photo I took last year, when my photography skills were excellent.
This is a photo I took last year, a nice selfie.
The investigation was carried out by provincial officials, which shocked the central government.
The investigation was carried out by provincial officials who were dissatisfied with the situation in the cities.
The performance was by Jōjō Jaren, who sang a popular song.
The actor is Zhou Jeren, a high-profile impersonator who is very good at imitating well-known singers.
Subsidized by high-tech companies, this is the government's policy.
Subsidized by high-tech companies, users can benefit greatly.
The protest was against the Iraqi government, with the people very unhappy.
The Iraqi government, which strongly condemned the United States, is protesting.
The attack was on U.S. forces, and the White House was furious.
The strike was a U.S. military operation that launched airstrikes on ground targets.
The goodbye was to Wang, a teacher, and the students were very sad.
The teacher, who said goodbye to the students, wished them a good day.
The forces surrounding the country can be assembled at any time.
The forces surrounding the area need to move regularly.
Love the school teachers, always struggling in the first line of teaching.
Love the teachers at school, love their hard work and their achievements.
People who miss their homeland, want to go back.
People who miss their homeland are the kind of people that every traveler feels.
People who have overthrown the opposition, rejoice together and celebrate.
I believe that those who have defeated the opposition will be treated fairly.
Upon detecting enemy forces, my army immediately launched an attack.
The enemy's detection force, the reconnaissance force of my army, is the same.
He met a friend's teacher, and he and his friend made a farewell call.
When I met a friend's teacher, my teacher and I made a farewell call.
Visiting the parents of the neighbors, he brought many gifts.
I thanked my neighbors for taking care of me these days.
Study the books of Spring and Autumn, kept in the library.
Studying the books of Spring Autumn is helpful in understanding that history.
To insult someone else's parents is not a good example for a child.
Insulting someone else's parents is not a polite act.
Observe visitors to the garden, discuss garden design
Visitors observing the gardens, the footsteps of tourists are busy.
The boy who killed the neighbor's children was only a teenager.
After killing the neighbor's children, the killer escaped.
The heads of five schools gathered together.
Teachers at five schools and their principal, principal Wangzh, stood together.
The drummers of the two bands are arguing, who is the first drummer in the band.
The drummers of the two bands were arguing, who was the first band.
Residents of the two villages are being discussed, whose neighborhood house prices have risen again.
Residents of the two villages are discussing how the level of affiliated hospitals in their villages is.
Employees in three factories go out to eat, discuss together and find the boss's processing money.
Employees in the three factories went out to eat, discussed the treatment of their respective factories.
There are two star fans standing by, discussing Jōjō Jaren's concert tonight.
There are two star fans on this side, arguing over who works better than Zhou Jeren and Xu Zhong.
The leaders of the five colleges are in talks, holding a meeting of the five colleges.
The leaders of the five colleges are discussing how to become the school's first college.
On the window sill were two bottles sent by two friends, both of whom were my best friends.
On the window sill are two flowers sent by two friends, both of which look very nice.
The China Cultural Expo Center encompasses a wide variety of cultures from hundreds of countries.
The China Cultural Expo Center presents a thousand-year history of cultural development in China.
A primary language teacher is a language teacher in primary schools.
Primary language teacher refers to the teacher who teaches primary language.
The Taiwan Han Institute, located in Taipei, is dedicated to the study of Han.
The Taiwan Hanseatic Institute is committed to promoting the development of Chinese Hanseatic Studies in mainland China.
Suzhou Auto Show showcased Suzhou's autonomously developed car brands.
Suzhou Auto Show showcased automobile brands from around the world.
Producing so many devices in one quarter is great.
Producing so much equipment in one quarter is too bad.
The man who repaired the car was in a hurry, because he had to drive out the door.
The repairman was in a bad mood, as customers were crying.
I can't see anyone, because I don't have any money.
I can't see anyone, because I'm strong.
Master Wangzh has already notified, Master Wangzh will be here immediately.
The King's teacher has already informed, and all the students know about it.
The instrument that is partially damaged is half the instrument that is damaged.
The instrument that was partially damaged was so completely damaged that it could not be repaired.
Translation of a novel is not a bad thing.
Sometimes a translated novel is not as good as the original, which is not a bad thing.
Imports of milk powder are sometimes not necessarily better than domestic milk powder.
zh importing milk powder needs to be done by a state-approved company.
I don't write this report well, because my identity is more sensitive.
I'm not good at writing this report, I know you're good at it.
Teachers want students to not send gifts or blessings, because the heart is more important than the things.
Teachers want students to not send gifts or blessings, nothing is needed.
The next was the brother and brother's friend, the brothers having the same circle of communication.
The friends of his brother and brother are coming, and the brother does not know the friend of his brother.
About the writings of Rusun, I know only Confucius himself.
Many have written about the writings of Rusun.
about the teacher's opinion, the teacher has already received.
The students were all reluctant to accept the teacher's opinion.
A lot of kids like clean clothes.
There are a lot of people who like clean kids.
Little Li told the story is interesting, everyone loves to hear Little Lizh.
Little Li told the story was interesting, and Little Li suggested that everyone go and listen.
He suddenly remembered, he hadn't eaten yet.
He suddenly woke up and went to eat.
He couldn't believe the question was so simple.
He wondered what the answer to this question was.
He is a talkative man, and everyone feels comfortable with him.
He is a good speaker, and when he speaks, he is always at a loss.
He also owed $1,000, which is almost the same as the full amount.
He also owes $1,000, and he plans to pay it back next year.
A female employee at the bank was arguing with a man who claimed to be the owner of a company.
A female employee at this bank and a man are fighting because this man has been in the bank.
The mob was chasing the mob, who saw a police officer with a check.
A mob was chasing after him, and he ran into a bunch of cops.
A doctor is being treated, and this doctor is performing his duties.
A doctor is currently undergoing treatment, and this doctor has since resigned due to illness.
Police are searching, and police received reports from the crowd that there were criminals in the area.
Police are searching for the suspect, who disappeared while chasing the suspect.
The exam is a teacher, who wants to know the student's grade level in the classroom.
The exam is for teachers, teachers are taking the teacher qualification exam.
Helping was the wanderer, who stormed the fire and saved many lives.
What helps is the wanderer, who has not eaten for many days.
The prosecution is an official, because the official wants to reduce his own guilt.
The only thing that is being cited is officials, who have long been dissatisfied with the corruption of this official.
Education is for parents, because it is for parents who believe that the education of young children cannot be entirely dependent on school.
Education is for parents, because it often allows parents to do bad things to their children.
The child is deceived, because this mother really has no money to buy the child toys.
It is a child who is deceived, because this mother is obedient to the child.
The director appreciates the film, which is a great film.
The director is appreciated, and the director is very satisfied with the performances of the actors.
criticized the factory workers, as these workers had not been paid for a long time.
criticized factory workers, because these workers often steal.
The inspection of the township government officials, which is the township government, is reported to be corrupt.
Inspector of the Township Government, this Township Government welcomes the arrival of the upper class.
The little children are frightened, because today is the Halloween.
The scary thing is that the little child is crying often.
Congratulations to my colleague, who has just been named an outstanding talent.
Congratulations to his colleague, who is happy to be married.
The host is a leader, who wants to give a good impression to the boss of the big business.
The host is a leader, who is visiting to inspect the work.
If the fish in two rivers were geographically isolated, they would have different evolutionary directions.
Fish from two rivers were caught by a single fisherman at the same time.
Senior officials from five educational institutions are meeting, and they want to share information about the institution's alumni.
Senior officials from five educational institutions met to discuss the organization's operations this year.
Babies from these four cities have just been born in the same hospital.
The cultural and cultural traditions of the infant settlements of these four cities vary.
Professors from six colleges teach content in different computer directions.
Professors from six colleges teach content from different disciplines.
The average cashier in three supermarkets has different salaries.
The work numbers of the average cashier in three supermarkets are continuous.
The shouting is a star, which won the Best Actor award.
The shouting is a star, this fan saw this secret star at the airport.
I objected to a member of parliament because he felt he had been treated unfairly.
The MPs who boycotted the parliamentary assembly were not allowed to speak properly.
He likes his sister, but his sister doesn't like anyone.
What he liked was his sister, his sister had been chasing after someone who didn't like her.
Parents of students are asked to attend the parent meeting only if their parents are allowed to attend.
Students' parents discussed their views with each other in a school setting.
The TV remote controls need to be replaced with new batteries.
The requirements for TV remote controls are the same brand.
The trial was for the king's general, who committed treason.
The trial was conducted by the King's General, who sentenced the offender to ten years in prison.
Little Lizh was the teacher, and he taught us this craft with his hands.
Little Lizh is teaching, and I taught him how to do this technique.
What I like about this article is that it is very well written.
What students like is that students like fresh things.
Little Lizh is suspicious, he is suspicious of anything new.
Little Lizh is suspected, as Little Li's recent behavior has been abnormal.
The king's supporters are the MPs, who strongly support the bill.
The king's parliamentarians supported him, and the citizens voted for him.
The problem is that Professor Li is not liked by his classmates.
The one who is disgusted with this is Professor Li, who hates this behavior.
The only military deployment was in Iraq, and the United States deployed a large number of troops.
The military is in Iraq, Iraq is out of a division.
Even he is worried, you really think too much.
Even he is worried, this is really hard.
I don't even believe it, but this is true.
I don't even believe you, who else can you trust?
He insulted the employees of the company, and was dissatisfied with his company.
They insulted the employees of the company, as well as the company's leadership.
You guys like the northern part of the country, because it's warm in the northern winter.
I like the boys from the north, because they are so big.
Bullying Li's classmates is the same as bullying Li.
The bullying of Li's classmates was criticized by his teacher.
Forces defeating the rebels will need to mobilize 100,000 regular troops.
The forces that defeated the rebels have been gathered together.
Loving family members of employees are a strong support for employees.
Caring for employees' families is the best way to take care of employees.
Students who love school, is what every principal should do.
Students who love the school will always think about the school's reputation.
The family of Li Zhen has been devastated, and Li Zhen has regretted it.
I'm sorry to bother the family of Little Lizh, I'm sorry for Little Lizh.


The star who has been a star of the masses is no longer a star.
The star who has been guilty of mass murder will be attacked by the star's fans.
The forces surrounding the country can be assembled at any time.
The troops surrounding the city are a constant threat.
I miss people who miss home, and I never want to go back.
People who miss their homeland will return to their homeland years later.
People who have overthrown the opposition, rejoice together and celebrate.
The people who overthrew the opposition, and their helpers.
Upon detecting enemy forces, my army immediately launched an attack.
To discover enemy forces, we are our first line of defense.
Observing the park walkers, they all seem to be very happy.
Watching the park walkers, the walkers' footsteps are busy.
Worried about her mother, her mother herself had come to take care of her.
She is worried about her mother, whose mother is in her 70s.
Employees who care about the enterprise are worthy of praise.
Careful employees of the enterprise, improve their living accommodation treatment.
He wrote a two-hour speech, which means he will speak for two hours.
He has written a two-hour speech, but he has not yet finished his speech.
In this literary competition, two masters of the society will be judged, each representing the society.
This literary competition has two masters of the society as judges, who are the central figures of the literary society.
We can't all bear to respect him.
His respect for him stems from his noble character.
I am so grateful for his encouragement.
For his encouragement, he was deeply motivated.
about his doubts, I answered him directly.
Doubts about him spread among the people.
Fear of him stems from ignorance of him.
For his fears, the teacher patiently reassured him.
Residents of two cities are discussing which city would be better off developing in the future.
Residents of the two cities are discussing the newly-elected mayor of Wangzh.
The leaders of the three countries met to discuss their energy policies.
The leaders of the three countries met to discuss their country's spending on military expenditures this year.
The contest is open to students from three different schools, who all want to compete for the top spot in their respective schools.
The contest is open to students from three different schools, who come from the same class.
The teammates of both teams practice balls on the playground, for the team title this year
Team members from both teams practice balls on the playground, and their teams often practice together.
Forsaking beautiful women, they tend to pursue a more important spiritual world.
Abandoning a beautiful woman, this man chose to leave.
School leaders criticized him, held a seminar dedicated to him.
The school leadership criticized him, as he had long anticipated.
We are three people in a group, we can be divided into two groups.
We are a group of three, because we are perfectly capable of complementing each other.
He opened his own youth hair salon downstairs, dedicated to youth hair.
The lower level opened a youth hairdresser shop, and the hair stylists were all young.
The county's No. 15 alert did not report before the No. 15 alert did not go through.
The county notified No. 15 to report before, only No. 15 was issued that day.
I read newspapers for ten days, one a day.
I read the newspaper for ten days, and then the whole day.
Doctors from three hospitals, the Consolidated Hospital, the Municipal Hospital and the Provincial Hospital, came to the school.
Doctors from three hospitals came to the school, all from the Consolidated Hospital.
He had just come to school, no one knew him, only familiar with his desk.
He had just come to school, nobody knew him, nobody talked to him.
The car called for speed, there were few people on the road, and the speed was a little slow.
Call the car fast, there are many cars on this side, it's very loud.
The reasonable suggestion of the three workers, which is a good one, is a good one.
The three workers' reasonable suggestions, discussed by the union, were approved.
Economic losses plus legal fees of 4000 yuan, and a total of 8000 yuan
The economic losses plus the $4,000 legal fees will be borne by the driver.
The people who left the water for the evening came to drink, and afterwards all were thirsty.
If you leave water for the evening's guests to drink, you can't buy water until the evening.
I only met you that year when I was thirty, and I was still a child.
I only knew you that year when you were thirty, and you were still a child.
It's good to see you, ask me why I'm so happy.
I'm glad to see you, because she hasn't seen me in a long time.
He criticizes you for doing wrong, and you listen to him.
He criticized you for doing wrong, and you did nothing wrong.
He wanted to drag his village cadets down the water to deal drugs.
After graduation, the students decided to go to the pool together and bathe.
Eating up an enemy's share.
He likes to eat fruit.
I have not yet been given accommodation, so I can only go out at night.
Our troops are everywhere to strike at the enemy.
In the 1990s, many people went into the maritime trade.
Fishermen living on the coast depend on fishing in the low seas.
This man is a rotten piece of wood.
The furniture contains some decaying wood.
He was a man who loved to lose something.
He likes to wear red clothes.
The police have stopped several people here.
The train station has installed an automatic checkout machine.
The period is over, the river is flowing.
The national security, talented to build well.
His guilt is still sufficient to warn the administration.
If he commits a sin, he will be punished by law.
He received orders to remove the enemy's buildings.
Raising both with a fire, the pain will be alleviated.
Several members of the defence department have taken the mint seriously, and none of them want to take private objects out of the factory.
There's a lot of talk that will be lost, there's a door in your mouth.
He took a look at him.
White ran for a second.
He guessed that there were hundreds of languages.
He was a sniper, a hundred percent.
Your mouth is too fast.
His mouth is not small.
Our country has our country's situation, and the management of the entire relocation process is not working.
Move the vase to the balcony.
He was facing up, looking very angry.
The floor is very flat, not good.
At the time, foreign students had to spend a year in pre-primary.
My family lives on the Huangtung hill.
The land is not very dense.
The bookshelf is too thin to withstand the pressure of books.
The ministers are preparing to play a piece.
A group of students are playing the national anthem.
A bullet retaliates against an enemy.
These companies are required to pay the factory for new products.
rational control of work and learning.
Action is thought-driven.
The child in this room needs to be fixed.
This bike needs to be repaired.
He quoted the ancient scriptures several times in his writings.
He excelled at invoking uncovered talents.
He forced his parents to buy him a piano.
The army has already reached the outskirts of the city.
Dress more than your body.
This year is different than last year.
Walking after dinner was his mandatory class.
Modern Chinese is our essential subject.
Chains and gears have been bitten.
You have to be honest, don't bite anyone.
We will never let our homeland's colors change.
This type of advertising color is of good quality, color-consistent.
For this year's event, the province of Minsk sent four hundred athletes to fight.
After the Battle of the Sea, the PLA army had a total of about 500,000 troops.
He then went down to show the audience.
This project has already been completed.
This engineer is a big-grass pack.
The director used a grass bag as a food bag.
If you don't take care, you're not going to get a good education.
His feet are healed.
These soldiers have already taken over the house twice.
He was taking notes, who didn't come to class yesterday.
He was a businessman, and now he is a company chairman.
The model is naked, dedicated to art.
This man's table was on for three minutes.
This guy walked for three minutes.
Please put these two sentences together.
He is tying up this beautiful city's streets.
Spring is a dream that is in the hearts of two young people.
The spring is here.
This cat is getting all messed up.
The water rises higher than the bridge.
He is calling the army a telegram that they urgently need.
He's beating up the man he hates.
There are many shops on this street that can be used as jewelry.
He didn't take this as a big deal.
The woman was lying in her mouth.
In residential areas without sanitation, residents fall into their designated car every morning.
Under his name, Zhi has drawn a path.
It's not even up front, where are you going?
This store is a fine-grained, second-hand store.
The shop is already on the roof.
On the field, he had a hairy heart.
A little uncomfortable, he started to lose his hair.
The director's case recently finally came to a head.
This stretch of road is easily overturned.
His hobby is to drill books.
Drill a hole in the wall.
The spirit of the bourgeois trafficking.
The drug trade.
Hearing his words of comfort, a warmth surged upon his head.
This heat wave to this ocean has brought abundant food resources.
His words were simply an auction of youth.
His paintings were auctioned for $10,000.
Banking is a very busy business.
This dress is a little fat.
A boiling mass movement scene.
The boiling point of the liquid is the temperature.
The comrades of the investigative team were distributed to various locations.
The comrades of the investigative team distributed labor insurance supplies.
Please do not distract yourself when sending out a package.
Please spread out the leaflets on your hands.
This year the wind is calm and rainy, and the farmers' autumn view must be very good.
The autumn views of this tourist city are beautiful.
The sound of the wind is blowing.
Hearing the wind outside the window, he never slept through the night.
The drug is administered with warm water.
Do not be oppressors, but do as you please.
He is an old Jiangzheng.
He was fourteen years old when he was thrown into the river.
He has flown several times in office, and has a lot of experience.
The small boat sank in the sea with the huge waves.
These construction workers are building a shop dedicated to the sale of child labor.
In this cold weather he only made a blanket to sleep on.
The teacher drew many pictures in his textbooks.
He was holding a long-sleeved shirt in his hand.
When he sang to a high pitched voice, his shoe couldn't get up.
The content he says is quite high-pitched, but it is not easy to do.
His writing plans were in shambles.
The cargo ship is docked, and must find a way to transport it by land.
The main force forces have already launched an offensive against enemy buildings.
After two years of offensive, the technical difficulty was finally solved.
This object is not yet known which year it is an antique.
Those who have been in contact with him consider this man to be an antique.
The rain brush on the car is glass.
These two little girls often have parents.
He still had a factory thing hanging in his mind.
The moon hangs in the sky.
It's not easy to do, any joint can be broken.
Whenever it rains, she feels a pain in her joints.
I'm used to getting up early, sleeping uncomfortable.
Now there are families, often with children.
He did something he shouldn't have done, he's possessed.
Parents in the home often use ghost stories to scare the child.
For this matter, he had a script in his heart.
A beam of light passes through a lens to form a spectrum.
The wildlife is alive.
A car accident has occurred.
He had made a lot of famous wine from the back door.
Not far from the back door is a small pool.
Ding-wook's hand is shut, and neither will his daughter.
The whole house is closed, no one is there anymore.
The teachers of kindergarten carefully cultivate the flowers of the homeland.
Beautiful flowers also have a time to thank you.
The company has hired several pots, which are specially designed for hospitality.
There is a beautiful vase in the living room of the void.
The landslide of large mountains caused by heavy rains has attracted high attention from the government.
The number of trees collected by this plant has been slipping, causing production to decline.
He is on his way home from work and he is writing a letter to him.
He's driving home from work.
He returned to the boiler last year, intending to re-examine the university.
These copper scrap need to be re-roasted.
After three months of visiting the area, the commission gave them a rear-wheel drive gun.
On the battlefield he gave the enemy a rear-horses rifle.
He cried out to the valley, receiving only a response.
He knocked on the door for half a day, not receiving any echoes from the room.
His speech is full of a flavor of fire.
The battlefield was filled with the smell of fireworks.
Good work requires a lot of practice.
Good steel has to be repeatedly worked out.
The child is already working hard to prepare for the high school exam, so don't give him any more time.
It is best to cook or to eat after heating.
This guy is too heavy, don't move.
This guy was not well-meaning.
A plan must have reasonable measures to ensure that it does not fail.
This house is a fictional, five feet above ground level.
Before writing a novel, you have to build a good shelf.
There is a large bookshelf in his house.
This year, the cucumber is a little bit of a mess.
This man is a mean man.
Second-hand market goods are generally a commodity.
This man is a bastard.
He intends to call four dishes.
In the patient's mouth, the name of his wife is mentioned.
The couple again had a fire at home over the child's affair.
This unit engaged the enemy on the way to the battlefield.
This shoe belt he could untie in just 10 seconds.
This mathematical problem is very difficult to solve.
The phone interrupted his speech.
This large tree was cut from the middle.
For the sake of profit, he sold his friend to a friend.
He was selling eggs at the school gate.
He entered a shoe store.
He put on a pair of shoes.
I don't want to dig a corner in someone else's company.
There are many heads piled up under the corner of the wall.
This weekend is the time to pay the cleaning staff.
It's okay inside, you need to open the windows.
If you want to do big things, you're bound to fight.
The road is smooth, so be careful not to wrestle.
The factory lost hundreds of thousands of yuan.
His body was damaged after several days of continuous work.
His long-suffering heart condition finally settled down.
The autumn leaves have fallen.
His research on pregnant women is in a situation where under current research conditions it is easy to become infertile.
Pregnancy in middle-aged women is easily infertile.
This sentence is a reference to the ancient text.
He quotes only his relatives.
The internal combustion of this engine is very serious.
The internal consumption of their sector is very serious.
He stood in the distance to catch a ball.
He intends to take over the job of factory manager.
Once his hand touched the fire, it was restored.
We have already made contact with the enemy.
Let's take a look at this.
Let's get this hot tea cold.
The years are old.
There are 365 days in a year.
He has a broad, thick voice.
He was a man of broad stature, highly respected by all.
Young children like to draw others.
I've brought you up.
This well-known company is a leader in the industry.
Please, Master, come and fix the head.
He was constantly pinning mud in his hand.
This is the new thing he's been making up.
He was a quadriplegic while on active duty.
He twisted his own bad habits.
He twisted his body, waving, and walking.
His soul was distorted by this incident.
When an earthquake struck, he immediately fell.
He had a little difficulty, and he immediately got off.
They are filming the scene of the tidal wave.
They're shooting a movie.
He was good at it, and soon climbed the throne of the commander.
Visiting the palace, we saw the throne of the Qing Dynasty emperor.
In modern times, only a university student's degree can't find a good job.
Please go and put up a sign at that intersection.
To leave his homeland.
It is a deviation from the correct principles.
He likes the cliffs.
He likes his boss.
This game has entered a disabled stage.
Collect the remaining balance of this matter.
Now that the market is bad, hurry up and throw out the goods you have in your hand.
He was ordered to throw the ball out of his hand.
This guy is a real barber, he can't do anything.
There is no food in the canister.
The cannon force in the unit is very powerful.
The government has stipulated that during the previous year, you cannot have guns in your home.
This teacher is very careful about training his students.
This gardener is carefully cultivating his plants.
These clothes are all good skin.
About this area, I only know skin hair.
We'll meet again next week.
The theme they chose coincided.
Please give me a layer of leather for this book.
His hand fell off a layer of skin.
He had a busy day, feeling very tired.
The book market is already very tired.
He had just moved out of the house, feeling very tired.
Long-term use of the magnet, it will become tired.
No one is willing to hire her as a maid.
This law firm wants to hire a legal advisor.
The government has quieted the unrest.
This resulted in a world record breaking.
The sea level is flattened.
My wound has been healed.
He broke a lot of money this time on the street.
He broke the world record again this time.
They cut their own stomachs.
This article delves deeply into this question.
He has become the flagship of the entire army.
Today, there are many flags of Xi'an on the streets.
Don't burn your house, come and eat at my house.
Don't get burned, be careful to stay calm.
Sea water rose during this storm.
If you have any questions, please stand up.
The two men had a cow.
This is the lead thing.
He plunged into the city.
He plunged into the sea.
This color is too faint.
I have little knowledge of the color of clothes.
This plan has been shot down.
He was shot by police for committing a crime.
Rape of the public opinion.
He raped a minor girl.
This woman is very nice.
These rice flocks are very popular on the market.
The people of the city called this man "Blue Sky".
The weather in this area is not as clear as the blue sky.
This place is the sky above a blue cloud.
He is already a person who climbs the Qingzhong.
It is a light but meaningful gift.
There is a thin piece of paper on the table.
The clouds in the sky appear to be light.
At first glance, it feels like he's a looseheaded man.
His singing made the theater's audience fall apart.
This house collapsed in a hurricane.
She dumped a car coal outside.
She shed tears, pouring out all her regret.
This sentence needs to go a few wrong words.
Tomorrow, the panda will be going to Beijing.
Tomorrow's riverside game, our company will be fully mobilized.
After this battle, the entire enemy army was defeated.
The formation of a sword requires heat treatment.
This problem cannot be hot-processed.
Burning an object requires a certain amount of heat.
His enthusiasm for the matter continued for a long time.
The day generally rises from the east.
There are 365 days in a year.
This food is too bitter to enter.
The importation of goods must be through customs.
This food is very tasty.
This movie is very tasty.
Please put these flowers on.
Use the engine oil to lubricate the engine's rotating part.
This is a very nice place.
This article is a great one.
Please stretch out your tongue.
They came back from the enemy camp with a tongue.
It is already very late at night.
This well is deep.
My little boy is starting to change his teeth.
His shoes are all dental.
This little child needs to be picked up.
This broken table needs to be repaired.
This person who committed the crime needs to be repaired.
This faulty machine needs to be repaired.
evacuate the clogged sewerage system.
The evacuation of the conflict between the two villages.
There is too much water in this article.
The water in this lake will boil.
But that little money is my private room.
The private houses in this zone must be demolished.
His mouth was broken, and he spoke day and night.
This glass is broken.
This science fiction film tells the story of a space traveler and a boy on Earth who come into contact with each other.
She was the first female astronaut to fly aboard a spacecraft that accompanied Earth.
The Cherzh Li, taught by this teacher, is an elite in all fields.
The peaches at the door are colorful.
Theoretically strong articles can also be written in a simple and easy-to-understand manner, not necessarily in a full-length book.
He had a dream last night that a fairy gave him a diary.
He was going to the post office to send a message.
He threw a pitch yesterday.
This glass window is very transparent.
After hearing this, his heart was clear.
This type of tank is now out of service.
He is a retired military officer.
The person who is to lead the crime must be the one who is to lead the crime.
Many families are working on their errands.
But this book is the baby he just bought from the bookstore.
This mother took her newborn baby out to play.
This teacher asked the student to write a text he had just written on the blackboard.
Schools require students to pack a book bag for school.
He is writing lyrics for a song he will sing at his party tomorrow night.
He is preparing the lawn shoes to wear for tomorrow's battle.
This magician is becoming a magician.
This deserted area is well-known.
This soldier will wear a badge when he comes home.
This leader would take a few pieces of protective clothing on a private visit.
Please specify this table for the opening of the watch shop.
He's working on a watch shop.
He is used to wiping his mouth with a towel after eating.
The plane was scratching the top of the mountain.
This is the season when the turtle is born from the mountains.
This season, many babies are born.
He was walking down the street next to this clothing store.
He is wearing a red dress.
He's making a tent for his sleep tonight.
He is returning home in a luxury boat.
The actor's shirt is down.
This house collapsed in a storm.
If he leaves office, no one can resist his work.
This train is about to arrive in Shanghai.
The enemy in this fortress often comes out to harm the people, and the forces intend to pull this nail off.
The tabletop needs to be nailed with two nails to prevent it from breaking.
Your eyes are so poisonous that they can find criminals among so many people.
This snake is poisonous, and can kill people instantly.
Using wind power to generate electricity is the new energy policy.
This unit, which has been attacked by the enemy, is supplying power to the headquarters.
This temple has just been overhauled by workers who have been repairing it.
This bomb blew up this tank.
He gave a lecture, and once again made a mistake at school that he shouldn't have made.
He gave a lecture in class, once again violating school rules.
It is strictly forbidden to add preservatives to such foods.
A good reader has his own preservative when reading.
This car is going fast.
This knife cutter is fast-moving.
High-voltage power lines are being laid here.
This electrical worker was in hospital for blood pressure tests, his high blood pressure was too high.
There was a "zh" on his skin.
After a betrayal, there was a gap between their relationship.
This man has no bones.
A total of 206 bones per person are found.
You should wrap your hair around this kind of leaf.
You shouldn't tie two different things together.
She is a red flag of the railway sector.
Every morning, the school playground is to be flown red flag.
This idea is once again on the rise.
This floor will be flooded again in the summer.
She plans to open a supermarket here.
This pilot's mission today is to fly a large plane.
He was once poor, but now he's changed.
This house is very large.
