The invention of the wheel was made by a great scientist.
The invention of a robot is a fact.
What matters is high scores.
Caring is about caring about you, but you don't care about people.
criticizing is the student who committed the wrong thing.
criticize teachers who are strict in their teaching.
The fruit of the orchard that is being harvested is the fruit of the vineyard.
The harvest is being made by the farmer in the orchard.
The surgeon is a healthy doctor.
The patient who is undergoing the surgery is a life-threatening patient.
What is being taught is knowledge.
The professor who is teaching is the professor of medicine.
The law is being enforced.
The French police are executing.
The crop is being harvested in the Silicon Valley of the farmlands.
The children of farmers are harvesting the crops.
The machine room is being managed.
It is being managed by a school administrator who is specialised in the school.
The catch is the prey.
The hunters are captured.
Drumming is the drumming.
The knockers are drummers who have been in the drumming industry for decades.
The player is a dragon.
The role of Li Lianzhzh is played.
The study of corporate culture is a matter of study.
The study was conducted by corporate researchers.
The leap is the canyon.
Professional athlete who jumps.
The discovery of a new ancient civilization.
The discovery was made by an archaeology professor.
research the economic development of the township.
researched a professor of economics in a rural town.
record the form of the experiment.
record the results of the experiment.
Eaten the tourist's fish.
Eaten the cat of the tourist.
He lost his beloved dog in his home.
He was bitten by his family's wild dog.
The pumpkin's roots are dug.
Cut the skin of the pumpkin.
Repair the table's table feet.
The repair of the table.
Visiting the presidents of other countries.
Visiting other countries' attractions.
A programmer who searches for a program.
The code for the search engine.
The stones of the Three Rivers.
Three rocks in the river.
Two horses on the grass.
A horse on two meadows.
The battery of a toy car.
Batteries for three toy cars.
The camera is on four tables.
There are four cameras on the table.
The kitchen knife in the kitchen.
The kitchen knife in both kitchens.
Four newspaper articles.
Four newspaper articles.
Visit the building of thousands of years ago.
A five-hour tour of the old building.
Selected wood for ten minutes.
Selected the timber of the millennium.
She played the role of two minutes.
played a figure from 500 years ago.
has written five conference reports in a row.
wrote a five-hour conference report in a row.
The two-hour history talk.
It tells the story of a hundred years of history.
He painted for six minutes.
He painted six paintings.
Five test papers were taken.
I did a five-minute test.
sell fast-moving goods.
sell expensive goods.
build a rapidly growing building.
build a huge building.
Explore the deserted areas.
Explore the area that is clear.
Watch a great movie.
Watch a comfortable movie.
to purchase smoothly produced products.
purchase of fragile products.
Researching difficult problems.
The question of clear research.
easy to operate machine.
manipulate important machines.
Prisoners of murder are criminals.
The prison system is for serious criminals.
I'm going to have to meet my teacher's homework.
The red textbook is red.
Donate books to the library library.
Donate books abroad.
He sent a leadership gift for his birthday.
Send a birthday present.
The blanket and the legs of the coat are all broken.
His sleeves and crutches were dirty.
The computer screen and chair need to be neatly arranged.
The computer and sofa on the table are all thrown away.
The security personnel and police working at this mall communicated outside the building.
Birds and fish in the air are his prey.
The harvest is the hardworking farmer.
The harvest is the fruit of the cottage.
created by a scientist.
created a robot.
The most severe punishment is theft.
The hardest hit was a long-trained special agent.
The investigation is on this corruption case.
An investigation is underway into the corruption figures involved in the case.
What we missed was this rare opportunity.
What is missing are athletes who have been waiting for an opportunity for a long time.
The show is performed by a line-up of actors from the province.
The performance is sung by the Western Yogami.
The launch was a cross-generational phone.
The launch of a great company.
The scientific research is a line of scientists.
Research is an internationally emerging field.
He is studying internationally renowned mathematical problems.
The research is by internationally renowned mathematicians specializing in mathematical problems.
The solution is five internationally known mathematical problems.
The solution was found by five internationally renowned mathematicians.
Killing the cat of the landlord.
Killing the owner's killer.
Staff from the home improvement studio.
Home renovation studio room room.
Research the overall structure of the code.
A general architect of code research.
Visit the interior of the palace.
visit the inner workings of the Grand Palace.
Sanctions on Iran's economy are in place.
Sanctions against Iran, the economic power, are imposed.
economic level of developing countries.
expert in the economics of developing countries.
A group that fights economic crime.
The police fight against economic crime.
suspected of investigating a major case.
Police are investigating the suspect in a major case.
I like travelers I meet on a tour.
Travelers who enjoy the process of traveling.
A wardrobe of clothes.
Clothes in a closet.
The monks in the 三座寺院.
The monks of the 三位寺.
Four desktops are computers.
Four computers on a table.
Mobile phones for five beds.
There are five cell phones in bed.
He is the first person to appear on the cover of six magazines.
He is a six-time magazine cover artist.
The seven flower pots in the flowerpot.
The flowers in the seven-potted potted plants.
There are eight coins in a wallet.
There are eight coins in a wallet.
The actors in nine films.
The plot of nine films.
The teacher gave a three-day history.
Teachers taught about 3,000 years of history.
A two-day historical drama was staged.
The play is a two-thousand-year-old historical drama.
He wrote a three-day assignment.
He has written three works.
Sold a car that is over a decade old.
I sold a car that was ten years old.
I've been watching movies for decades.
I saw a movie about ten years ago.
It has been operating a store for decades.
He has been running a family store for decades.
was once an important historical turning point.
It is a significant historical turning point.
buy hard to buy goods.
buy cheap goods.
difficult to sell products.
sell cheap, low-quality products.
The plot is a wonderful TV series.
A great television series tonight.
Feel the pleasant atmosphere.
Enjoy the joyful atmosphere.
The study of simple questions.
The question of whether the study was completed.
The examination is strictly for the examiners.
The examination examines students who are behind.
The cat of a hunter was bitten to death.
The tiger bit the fox.
Killed the hunter's dog.
killed the tiger of the hunter.
I ate the chocolate cake.
The little boy ate the cake.
I fell in love with the star girl.
I fell in love with the work of the stars.
I blame the parents' good work for the wrong.
The child's parents are wrong.
Repaired the windows of the room.
The room's repairmen repaired the room.
Sea turtles and tigers are wild animals.
In one photo, he photographed birds and falcons in the air.
Harvesting is the ripening of the fruit in the orchard.
Harvesting is the professional cultivation of fruit in the orchard.
The surgeons who are performing the surgery are the most experienced clinicians in the hospital.
The surgeon is a patient with a serious illness.
research the economy of the township.
Economist from the township research.
record the entire process of the experiment.
biologists who recorded experiments.
Cut the knife of fruit.
Cut the skin of the fruit.
Repair the table legs of a wooden table.
Repair the shell of a wooden table.
Three school experimenters.
Experimenters from the Three Zhi Schools.
Furniture in five houses.
The furniture in the house.
TVs in ten shopping malls.
TVs in ten shopping malls.
There are six chairs in the room.
A chair in a six-room room.
Visit the Palace of the Hundred Years.
A five-minute visit to the palace.
wrote two consecutive days of homework.
wrote two homework assignments in a row.
He painted four murals.
He painted four paintings.
The fear of the suspect.
The scene of the suspect's fear.
The taste of the unique food.
A unique northern food.
sell goods quickly.
sell expensive goods.
It smells delicious and delicious.
Taste the deliciousness of the dish.
A comfortable, touching couch.
Choose to buy a comfortable sofa.
Buy and sell cheap goods.
buy and sell convenient goods.
He's been very good at first place.
He did very well in the examinations.
This kind of behavior is encouraged.
What is encouraged is the encouragement of the teacher.
The award is for this act of bravery.
The award is given to the awarding guest.
The most serious is theft.
Strictly speaking, they are highly trained special agents.
The investigation is on this case.
The investigation was conducted by specialised detective experts from the province.
The search was for a large amount of smuggled goods.
The search was conducted by a police officer who was smuggling smuggled goods.
He is studying internationally renowned mathematical problems.
The study was conducted by internationally renowned mathematicians.
The bedroom of the house is decorated.
Workers who repaired the house.
A programmer who has studied code.
The problem of studying the details of the code.
The great man who changed the world.
change the landscape of the entire world.
a key figure in solving this mathematical problem.
solving some of the content of this mathematical problem.
Police are investigating the traffic accident.
investigate the cause of the traffic accident.
I like the process of traveling.
Travellers who like to travel are attracted to tourism.
Clothes in two closets.
Clothes in two closets.
Three rains on the table.
Three pieces of rain on the table.
Four pieces of cake on the cake.
Four cakes on the cake.
The champion of five races.
The champion of five races.
Six guns in the storage room.
There are six storage rooms with rifles.
Tickets for two concerts.
Tickets for two concerts.
Teachers with extensive school experience.
The school has adequate teachers.
The army is well equipped with excellent weapons.
The army is well-armed warriors.
clarify the problem.
explain complex problems.
inherit the development of traditional culture.
inherited the traditional culture of painting.
Sold the hunter's dog.
Sold the dog hunter.
hurt the speech of others.
hurt the feelings of others.
The children of their parents were touched.
It touched the hearts of the parents.
A vengeance flame burned within them.
It ignited a warm picture of the innermost heart.
Repaired the windows of the room.
Workers who repaired the room.
A judge is the judge.
A trial is a trial of a criminal.
My teacher teaches me.
Teaching is for students who love to learn.
I like the writing on this article.
I love the young people who wrote this article.
Listen to the lyrics of moving music.
listen to the audience of moving music.
Enjoy the exciting landscape of the garden.
Visitors can enjoy the garden.
Walk around the space station.
Astronauts who wandered through space.
The destruction of historical monuments is what is happening.
The disruption is caused by unskilled tourists.
The slaughter is the protection of local animals.
The slaughter is the greedy thief-hunter.
Trampled on the flowers of the garden.
Tourists trampling on the garden.
The old nest of the surrounding land.
The regular army of the surrounding territory.
The invasion was the rebellion's territory.
The attack was carried out by the regular army.
Repair is done by the car repairman.
Repairing is a broken car.
Aid is provided by volunteers who are working to alleviate poverty.
The help is provided by the elderly in the poorest areas.
help children who are staying in remote areas.
help volunteers in remote areas.
predicts the outcome of the next match.
The prediction is made by the famous fortune teller on this side.
predict future developments.
The fortune teller who predicts the future.
calculates the total wages of employees.
calculate the accounting of employees' salaries.
The man who created the party.
The party chapter of the party that created the party.
The high-water mark of playing music.
A pianist who plays music.
The player is played in a Beethoven-hymn.
Beethoven is playing.
The candidate is the captain of the crew.
The students in the class are the ones who are running.
The collection includes Han Dynasty artifacts.
The collection is held by the Han Dynasty Art Collector.
The shooter is a 100-meter-high shark.
Shooting is a professional sniper.
Hit the 10th ring of the Zhongs.
The shooter of the hitchhiker.
A river on the plain.
A river in the plain.
The lamps in the two rooms.
the lamps in the two rooms.
Three bottles of mineral water on the table.
Three tables of mineral water on the table.
Four test papers of the exam.
The test of four subjects.
There are five double-sided shots.
The five-pack of the shrimp.
The pill is in six bottles.
The pills in six bottles.
Enjoy a few hours of old village.
Enjoy the ancient village of Zh, which dates back hundreds of years.
I have studied a five-hour foreign language course.
He has taken five foreign language courses.
I wrote six posts.
I wrote a six-day post.
Playing a wonderful music.
Playing wonderful music for the day.
check the bullet of the gun.
Police are checking guns.
The grant is for students in poor families.
The grant is provided by state institutions
Three teachers from the exams were gathered together to chat.
Teachers from all three campuses gathered together to chat.
Rescue is the work of the injured masses.
Rescue was provided by firefighters.
The study of textbooks.
Students who are studying the textbook.
Building high-rises in a city.
workers building cities.
I've been looking at the newspapers for ten days.
I've seen ten newspapers.
The doctors of the three hospitals sit together and meet.
Three doctors at the hospital sit together and meet.
show serious shows.
performing fun shows.
Learn a program with a focus on learning.
Learn a simple course of study.
buy hard to transport goods.
purchase rare and forbidden goods.
Sell neighborhood homework books.
Sell excess homework books.
Send a leadership gift.
Send gifts for the senior year.
Birds and fish have common ancestors.
Clouds and rain in the sky are intertwined.
Both the school's teachers and the police are public servants.
The teachers and students of the school are in good harmony.
The oxygen and water in the air are indispensable.
The oxygen and carbon dioxide in the air are indispensable.
Glass windows in two rooms.
Windows in two rooms.
The subject of the five-course examination.
The three-part essay essay.
The theorem of the two books.
The theorem of the two books.
Four cows from the slaughterhouse.
Four cows from the slaughterhouse.
The Chinese medicine of two pharmacies.
The Chinese medicine of two pharmacies.
A book from a bookstore.
The books of two bookstores.
The students are the ones who are taking the exam.
The test is carried out by a test.
to trade is an ivory.
to trade is two wealthy people.
Taste is a wonderful story.
The taste is like an old man on the side of the road.
It explains the history of this ancient building.
The explanation is that a very professional guide.
The intercepted video is a video.
The intercept was taken by classmates who were looking for pictures.
Calculation is a more difficult physical problem.
is calculated by the representative of the mathematics class in our classroom.
The commander is an important football match.
The command is given by a professional football coach.
lead major engineering projects.
is led by the leader of this country.
The test is mathematical ability.
The Bish test is a two-step math test.
The carving is of a carpenter.
The engraving is a piece of marble.
check the leadership of the textbook.
Check the price of the textbook.
The tail of a fish eater.
A customer who eats fish.
discuss mathematical formulas.
discussed a meeting on mathematics.
Wash the tablecloths.
wipe the table's table feet.
The direction of the lost road.
Tourists who have lost their way.
revealing the truth behind the story.
record of revealing the truth.
record a real-life scene.
record a video of real life.
Cover your face.
The youth of the face-covering youth.
explain the solution of the problem.
Teacher of the subject of the lecture.
list of goods to be recovered.
The leader of the goods seized.
vizhits government employees of private companies.
Viz察 the operating situation of the private company.
build a fast stage.
Build a bright stage.
cultivate a very careful bacteria.
cultivate small bacteria.
The files of the tiger are being reviewed.
批阅 important documents.
demolish slow construction.
demolish the ruined buildings.
