-[0-50]-
What was invented is a great scientist.
What was invented is a robot.
What is cared about is high scores.
What is cared about is someone who cares about you, but you don't care about them.
What is criticized is a student who made a mistake.
What is criticized is a strict teacher in academics.
What is being harvested is the fruits in the orchard.
What is being harvested is the fruit farmers in the orchard.
What is operating is a healthy doctor.
What is operating is a critically ill patient.
What is being taught is knowledge.
What is being taught is a full professor.
What is being executed is the law.
What is being executed is a police officer.
What is being harvested is the rice in the farmland.
What is being harvested is the farmer's child.
What is being managed is the computer room.
What is being managed is the school's dedicated administrator.
What is captured is the prey.
What is captured is the hunter.
What is being struck is the drum.
What is being struck is a drummer who has been in the drumming industry for decades.
What is being played is a dragon.
What is being played is Jet Li.
What is being studied is corporate culture.
What is being studied is corporate researchers.
What is leaping is the canyon.
What is leaping is a professional athlete.
What was discovered is a new ancient civilization.
What was discovered is an archaeology professor.
Researching the economic development of the township.
Researching the economic professor of the township.
Recording the experimental data.
Recording the experimental results.
Eating the tourist's alligator.
Eating the cat of the family.
Losing the cute dog from their home.
Bitten by a stray dog of their family member.
Digging spoon for watermelon.
Peeling the rind of a watermelon.
Repairing the table leg of the table.
Repairing the table with a hammer.
Touring the president of another country.
Visiting the tourist attractions in another country.
Searching the programmer of the search program.
Searching the code of the search program.
The stones in three rivers.
The stones in three areas of the river.
Two horses on the grassland.
Two horses on two pieces of grassland.
-[50-100]-
Three toy cars' batteries.
Three toy cars' batteries.
Four cameras on the table.
Four cameras on the table.
Two kitchen knives.
Two kitchen knives in two places in the kitchen.
Four articles in the newspapers.
Four articles on the newspapers.
Visited a thousand-year-old ancient architecture.
Visited a five-hour old ancient architecture.
Selected ten minutes of wood.
Selected a thousand-year-old wood.
Played a two-minute role.
Played a 500-year-old character.
Continuously wrote five copies of meeting reports.
Continuously wrote five hours of meeting reports.
Spoke for two hours about history.
Spoke for a hundred years about history.
Drew a six-minute drawing.
Drew six drawings.
Completed five test papers.
Completed five minutes of test papers.
Sold fast products.
Sold expensive products.
Constructed fast buildings.
Constructed huge buildings.
Explored unmanned areas.
Explored understood areas.
Watched an exciting movie.
Watched a comfortable movie.
Purchased smooth products.
Purchased fragile products.
Researched difficult problems.
Researched clear problems.
Operated convenient machines.
Operated important machines.
Imprisoned cruel criminals.
Imprisoned tightly guarded criminals.
Submitted homework to the teacher.
Submitted a red homework book.
Donated books to the library.
Donated foreign books.
Gave a birthday gift to the leader.
Gave a birthday gift.
The legs of the blanket and the stool are broken.
The sleeves of his clothes and the cane are dirty.
The screen of the computer and the chair need to be arranged neatly.
The computer on the table and the sofa need to be thrown away.
The security personnel working in this mall and the police are communicating outside the building.
The birds in the air and the fish are all his hunting targets.
-[100-150]-
The hardworking farmer reaps.
The delicious fruit is reaped.
A scientist is created.
A robot is created.
The act of theft is severely cracked down upon.
Highly-trained special police are severely cracked down upon.
The corruption case is being investigated.
The individuals involved in the corruption case are being investigated.
This rare opportunity is missed.
Athletes who have been waiting for an opportunity for a long time have missed it.
The performance is by a first-class actor from the province.
The performance is of Sun Wukong from the Journey to the West.
A groundbreaking mobile phone is launched.
A great company is launched.
Frontline scientists engage in scientific research.
International emerging fields are being studied.
An international famous mathematical problem is being researched.
Internationally renowned mathematicians specializing in mathematical problems are being researched.
Five internationally renowned mathematical problems are solved.
Five internationally renowned mathematicians have solved them.
The cat owned by the landlord is killed.
The assassin hired by the landlord is killed.
The members of the studio that renovate houses are working.
The room in the studio that renovates houses is being decorated.
The overall architecture of the code is being researched.
The architect who studies the overall architecture of the code is being researched.
The internal structure of the Grand Palace is visited.
The staff inside the Grand Palace is visited.
Iran's economy is being sanctioned.
The economic powerhouse is sanctioning Iran.
The level of the country's economy is being developed.
Experts in economics are developing the country's economy.
Gangs involved in economic crimes are being cracked down upon.
Police are cracking down on economic crimes.
Suspects in major cases are being investigated.
Criminal police are investigating suspects in major cases.
Travelers who like to meet during the process of traveling.
Travelers who like the process of traveling.
A piece of clothing in the cupboard.
An article of clothing in the cupboard.
Monks in three temples.
Monks in three temples.
Four computers on the table.
Four computers on the table.
Five phones on the bed.
Five phones on the bed.
The cover figures on six magazine covers.
The cover figures on six magazines.
Flowers in seven potted plants.
Flowers in seven pots.
-[150-200]-
Eight coins in the wallet.
Eight coins in eight wallets.
Nine actors in the movie.
Nine plots in nine movies.
The teacher has been teaching history for three days.
The teacher has been teaching history for three thousand years.
The historical play has been performed for two days.
The historical play has been performed for two thousand years.
Wrote homework for three days.
Wrote three assignments.
Sold cars for over ten years.
Sold a car that was over ten years old.
I have been watching movies for over ten years.
I watched a movie from over ten years ago.
Operated a shop for over ten years.
Operated a shop for over ten years.
Historical turning points that were once important.
Historical turning points that have significant meaning.
Difficult items to purchase.
Inexpensive items to purchase.
Difficult products to sell.
Cheap and inferior products to sell.
Exciting plot of a TV drama.
Exciting TV drama at night.
Pleasant atmosphere.
Enjoyable atmosphere.
Studied simple questions.
Studied completed questions.
Strict examiners for assessment.
Fallen behind students for assessment.
The hunter's cat was bitten to death.
The tiger that bit the fox was killed.
The hunter's dog was killed.
The hunter's tiger was killed.
Ate the chocolate that was on the cake.
The child who ate the cake.
The girl who fell in love with a star.
Fell in love with the works of a star.
Misjudged the well-meaning intentions of parents.
Misjudged the child of parents.
Repaired the windows in the room.
Repaired by the decorator in the room.
Sharks and tigers in the water are fierce animals.
He took a picture of birds and cheetahs in the air.
The ripe fruit in the orchard is harvested.
Harvested by professional fruit growers in the orchard.
The doctor who is currently performing the operation has the most clinical experience in the hospital.
The patient who is currently undergoing surgery is seriously ill.
Research on the economy of towns and villages.
Research conducted by economists on the economy of towns and villages.
-[200-250]-
Recording the entire process of the experiment.
Recording the biologist of the experiment.
A knife for peeling apples.
Peeling the skin of apples.
Repairing the table legs of a wooden table.
Repairing the saw of a wooden table.
Three experimenters from the school.
Experimenters from three schools.
Furniture in five houses.
Furniture in five buildings.
Ten televisions in the mall.
Televisions in ten malls.
Chairs in six rooms.
Chairs in six rooms.
Visited a hundred-year-old palace.
Visited a palace for five minutes.
Continuously wrote homework for two days.
Continuously wrote two homework assignments.
Painted for four days.
Painted four paintings.
The suspect's fear.
The scene that the suspect is afraid of.
Food with a unique taste.
Northern unique food.
Rapid-selling products.
Expensive products for sale.
The congee smells delicious.
Tasted the delicious congee.
A comfortable sofa to touch.
Buying a comfortable sofa.
Buying and selling cheap goods.
Buying and selling convenient goods.
He did so well in the exam.
His grades were very good.
Encouragement is this kind of behavior.
Encouragement comes from the encourager.
The commendation is for this brave behavior.
The presenter awards the commendation.
Cracking down severely on theft.
Cracking down on highly trained special police officers.
Investigating this case.
Investigating by a special criminal investigation expert from the province.
Dealing with a large number of smuggled goods.
Enforcing the capture of smuggled goods by police officers.
Studying an internationally renowned mathematical problem.
Studying by an internationally renowned mathematician.
Decorating the bedroom of the house.
Decorating by workers to renovate the house.
Programmers studying code.
Studying the details of the code.
-[250-300]-
The great man who changes the whole world.
The pattern of changing the whole world.
The key person to solve this math problem.
Partial content to solve this math problem.
The traffic police investigating the traffic accident.
The cause of the traffic accident investigation.
The process of enjoying traveling.
Travelers who love traveling.
Clothes in two sets of cabinets.
Clothes in two cabinets.
Umbrellas on the table.
Three umbrellas on the table.
Candles on four cakes.
Candles on four cakes.
Champion in five matches.
Champions in five matches.
Six rifles in the warehouse.
Six rifles in six warehouses.
Two tickets for the concert.
Tickets for two concerts.
Experienced teachers in schools.
Adequately equipped teachers in schools.
Well-equipped weapons in the army.
Well-equipped soldiers in the army.
Explain the problem clearly.
Explain complicated problems.
Inherit and develop traditional culture.
Inherit painting traditional culture.
Sold the hunter's dog.
Sold the dog of the hunter.
Words that hurt others.
Hurting the feelings of others.
Children who moved their parents.
Moved in the hearts of their parents.
Ignite the flames of revenge in the heart.
Ignite the warm picture in the heart.
Repair the windows of the room.
Repairing the worker of the room.
A judge is on trial.
A criminal is on trial.
Taught by my teacher.
Taught by students who love learning.
Writing style liked in this article.
Artistic young people who like this article.
Lyrics for listening to moving music.
Audience who listens to moving music.
Beautiful scenery for appreciating gardens.
Visitors who appreciate gardens.
Strolling in the space station.
Astronauts strolling in space.
-[300-350]-
The historical heritage is being destroyed.
The disrespectful tourists are causing the destruction.
The local protected animals are being massacred.
The greedy poachers are causing the massacre.
The flowers in the garden are being trampled.
The tourists are trampling the flowers in the garden.
The stronghold of the bandits is being besieged.
The regular army is besieging the stronghold of the bandits.
The rebel territory is being captured.
The regular army's territory is being captured.
The car mechanic is doing the repair work.
The old car is being repaired.
The volunteers assisting are supporting poverty alleviation.
The elderly people in the impoverished areas are receiving assistance.
The left-behind children in remote areas are receiving assistance.
The enthusiastic volunteers in remote areas are receiving assistance.
The next game result is being predicted.
The famous fortune teller here is making predictions.
The fortune teller is predicting the future fortune.
The person who is predicting the future is a fortune teller.
The total salary of the employees is being calculated.
The accountant is calculating the employee's salary.
The party is being established by the individuals.
The party's constitution is being established.
The climax of the musical piece is being performed.
The pianist is performing the musical piece.
Beethoven's major key is being performed.
Beethoven's music is being performed.
The class monitor is being elected.
The students in the class are competing in the election.
The Han Dynasty cultural relics are being collected.
The collector is collecting Han Dynasty cultural relics.
The target 100 meters away is being shot at.
The professional sniper is shooting.
The bullseye is hit.
The shooter hits the bullseye.
A river on a plain.
A river on a plain.
Two lamps in a room.
Two lamps in two rooms.
Three bottles of mineral water on the table.
Three bottles of mineral water on the table.
Four exam papers.
Four exam papers.
Five pairs of socks in a drawer.
Five drawers of socks.
Six pills in six bottles.
Six bottles of pills.
Enjoyed the ancient village for a few hours.
Enjoyed the ancient village from a few hundred years ago.
-[350-400]-
Studied five hours of foreign language courses.
Studied five foreign language courses.
I wrote six calligraphic scrolls.
I wrote calligraphic scrolls for six days.
Played a beautiful piece of music.
Played beautiful music all day.
Checked the bullets of firearms.
Checked the police of firearms.
Subsidized students from poor families.
Subsidized national institutions.
Three teachers from the examination room gathered to chat.
Three teachers from three examination rooms gathered to chat.
Rescued the disaster-affected masses.
Rescued firefighters.
Studied articles from textbooks.
Studied students from textbooks.
Constructed tall buildings in the city.
Constructed by city workers.
I read newspapers for ten days.
I read ten newspapers.
Doctors from three hospitals sat together for a meeting.
Three doctors from three hospitals sat together for a meeting.
Performed serious programs.
Performed interesting programs.
Studied diligently in the course.
Studied simple courses.
Difficult to buy embargoed goods.
Difficult to buy rare embargoed goods.
Sell a neighbor's exercise book.
Sell surplus exercise books.
Give gifts to leaders.
Give adult gifts.
Birds and fish in the sky have a common ancestor.
Clouds and rain intertwine in the sky.
Teachers and police officers in the school are public officials.
Teachers and students in the school live harmoniously.
Oxygen and water are indispensable in the air.
Oxygen and carbon dioxide are indispensable in the air.
Two windows made of glass in two houses.
Windows in two houses.
Five exam questions.
Exam questions for three exams.
Two theorems in two books.
Theorems in two books.
Four cows from the slaughterhouse.
Cows from four slaughterhouses.
Traditional Chinese medicine from two pharmacies.
Traditional Chinese medicine from two pharmacies.
Books from one bookstore.
Books from two bookstores.
-[400-450]-
The examinee is being carried.
The test paper is being carried.
An ivory is being traded.
Two billionaires are being traded.
A wonderful story is being tasted.
An old grandpa on the roadside is being tasted.
The history of this ancient building is being explained.
A very professional tour guide is being explained.
A video clip is being extracted.
A student who is searching for pictures is being extracted.
A difficult physics problem is being calculated.
The math class representative in our class is being calculated.
An important football match is being commanded.
A professional football coach is being commanded.
A major engineering project is being led.
The leader of this country is being led.
Mathematical ability is being compared.
Two mathematical geniuses are being compared.
A carpenter is carving.
A piece of marble is being carved.
The leader is checking the textbook.
The price of the textbook is being checked.
The tail of the fish is being eaten.
The customer is eating the fish.
Mathematical formulas are being discussed.
A mathematics conference is being discussed.
A towel is being used to wipe the table.
The table legs are being wiped with a towel.
The direction of getting lost is being confused.
The tourist who got lost is being confused.
The answer to the truth is being revealed.
The truth is being recorded.
Real-life scenes are being recorded.
Reality films are being recorded.
The veil covering the face is being concealed.
Acne on the face is being concealed.
The method to solve the problem is being explained.
The teacher who is explaining the problem is being talked about.
A list of goods is being retrieved.
The leader of the goods is being retrieved.
Government officials are inspecting private companies.
The operation of private companies is being inspected.
A fast stage is being set up.
A shiny stage is being set up.
Careful bacteria are being cultivated.
Tiny bacteria are being cultivated.
Careless documents are being reviewed.
Important documents are being reviewed.
A slow construction is being demolished.
An old building is being demolished.
-[450-500]-
When an earthquake struck China, China provided assistance.
When an earthquake struck Japan, China provided assistance.
The opposition is against the government, which is corrupt and does not support mass gatherings.
The opposition is against the government, as the masses demand reform from this corrupt government.
The hunting is of tigers, and the number of tigers is decreasing rapidly.
The hunting is of tigers, and they can chase antelopes at a fast speed.
The order is given by a military officer at the division level, and they are required to attend a meeting this morning.
The order is given by a military officer at the division level, and the brigade under their command is required to assemble immediately.
The wife is worried because she hasn't heard from her husband for a long time.
The wife is worried because she doesn't know if she can handle the entire family after I leave.
Her mother is concerned and cooked porridge for her when she was ill.
Her mother is concerned because she is sick and needs care.
The opposition is against Teacher Wang, who does not support this teaching plan.
The opposition is against Teacher Wang, as others believe that his proposal is inappropriate.
Even children don't believe it, this matter is too fake.
Even children don't believe it because he is a skeptical person.
The chicken refuses to eat because it has already eaten too much.
The chicken refuses to eat because it has been eating chicken too often recently and is tired of it.
Xiao Yang couldn't be found, Xiao Yang hasn't been seen all afternoon.
Xiao Yang couldn't be found, and Xiao Yang feels very frustrated.
When Liu and Zhen were killed, Lu Xun's article was criticized.
This person bragged a lot, criticizing Lu Xun's article.
The investigation is done by students, as these students are eyewitnesses to the incident.
The investigation is done by students, as these students need to complete the assignment given by the teacher.
The mother taking care of the child stays by the child's side when the child is sick.
The mother taking care of the child needs careful attention after giving birth.
The teacher who respects the students is what every student's parent should do.
The teacher who respects the students always takes the students' suggestions into consideration.
The employees who care about the company often work from the perspective of the company's overall situation.
The employees who care about the company, the boss needs to improve their living and accommodation conditions.
The sentry who discovered the enemy needs to immediately report the situation.
The sentry who discovered the enemy must not let the enemy sentry escape.
He likes girls from Shanghai because the girls there pursue fashion.
He likes girls from Shanghai because Shanghai is a prosperous city.
The secretary of the director is implicated because her illegal activities caused the director to be held accountable.
The secretary of the director is implicated because the director's illegal activities led to her being held accountable.
The final exams are approaching, and they need to review the whole semester's coursework.
No new knowledge will be taught this semester, and they need to review the whole semester's coursework.
The daughter who dislikes her mother, the mother's son does not like his sister.
The daughter who dislikes her mother has a bad relationship with her mother.
The bike of the younger brother was knocked down, and the younger brother was very angry about his bicycle being knocked down.
The bike of the younger brother was knocked down, luckily the younger brother wasn't hurt.
Because they will be on the trip for many days, they prepared a day's worth of dry rations.
Because they will be on the trip for only one day, they prepared a day's worth of dry rations.
When studying Lu Xun's articles, it is generally necessary to write about Lu Xun's birth and death.
Studying Lu Xun's articles is necessary for the study of modern literature.
The army that defeated the enemy was welcomed by the people when they returned home.
The army that defeated the enemy still needs to pursue further.
The father who scolds the child does so because the child did not perform well in the exam.
The father who scolds the child does so because this father betrayed the marriage.
-[500-550]-
Please show me the research materials.
Research materials are something that every researcher must do.
Imported food is relatively expensive in terms of price.
Imported food is not allowed by the policies of this country.
The investigation materials should be submitted before the deadline.
Investigation materials sometimes require cooperation from multiple people.
She is a child born last year, and she is now almost 1 year old.
She is a child born last year, and her child is almost 1 year old now.
The taxi industry has been squeezed by online car-hailing services.
The taxi industry is growing into a new market.
He was injured while playing basketball on campus and needs to be taken to the school hospital immediately.
The school hospital is one of the two most crowded public places.
Literary language is closely related to two humanities majors.
Literary language refers to the language used in literary works.
Biological history is more focused on science, while history is more focused on humanities.
Biological history refers to the history of biology.
The matters of other countries will be discussed at the next national conference.
The matters of other countries will be discussed at the next international conference.
Ancient war novels refer to novels about ancient wars.
Ancient war novels refer to war novels written in ancient times.
African language research refers to the specialized study of African languages.
African language research is conducted in a language research institute established in Africa.
The new dormitory for teachers is specifically provided for new teachers.
The new dormitory for teachers is a newly built dormitory for the school.
He has owned this car for 5 years and wants to get a new license plate for it.
He just bought this car and wants to get a new license plate for it.
A university English teacher refers to a teacher who teaches English at a university.
A university English teacher refers to a teacher who teaches English at a university.
The leaders of the two schools spoke at the same opening ceremony, one after another.
The leaders of the two schools have signed agreements on mutual cooperation between their respective schools.
There are six children from three kindergartens in the park, and a total of six children are playing games.
There are three children from three kindergartens in the park, and they are in the same class.
There are two party members in the office, attacking each other's party views.
There are two party members in the office, campaigning for the party chairman position.
The workers from three factories gathered together and ordered three bottles of beer, one bottle per person.
The workers from three factories gathered together and ordered ten bottles of beer, one bottle per person.
There are doctors from five hospitals in this building, discussing the cooperation between their respective departments.
There are doctors from five hospitals in this building, discussing the cooperation within their respective hospitals.
The players from two teams have known each other since childhood and are good friends.
The players from two teams put on a wonderful game for the audience at the gymnasium.
The waiters from several restaurants in front of the restaurant argued because they wanted to attract customers to their own restaurants.
The waiters from several restaurants in front of the restaurant were chatting because there were no customers.
There are two vases on the chair given by two friends, and these vases were bought collectively by three of his friends.
There are two vases on the chair given by two friends, and these vases were collectively bought by three of his friends.
Everyone expressed gratitude for his help.
He repaid everyone's help with practical actions.
He looked at cats from three pet shops and finally decided to buy a cat from the middle pet shop.
He looked at cats from three pet shops and finally decided to buy the cutest cat from the middle.
The police from two cities have signed a cross-city cooperation agreement in fighting crime.
The police from two cities are patrolling on the street.
-[550-600]-
Xiao Ming was greatly encouraged, and the one who encouraged him was his teacher.
Teachers were given subsidies to encourage them.
Because the teacher taught the class seriously, the teachers were rewarded.
For the students who study seriously, the teachers were rewarded.
His father performed the operation because his father is a doctor.
His father performed the operation because his father was seriously ill.
This is a photo I took last year, and my photography skills were very good at that time.
This is a photo I took last year, and it is a good selfie.
The officials from the province were investigated, and this matter alarmed the central government.
The officials from the province were investigated, and they were very dissatisfied with the situation in each city.
The performer was Jay Chou, and he sang a famous song.
The performer was Jay Chou, and this imitation expert is very good at imitating famous singers.
High-tech companies were subsidized, this is the government's policy.
High-tech companies were subsidized, and users can benefit a lot.
The Iraqi government was protested against, and the people were very dissatisfied with it.
The Iraqi government was protested against, and they strongly condemned the United States.
The US military forces were attacked, and the White House was very angry about this.
The US military forces were attacked, and they carried out airstrikes on ground targets.
Teacher Wang was bid farewell to, and the students were all very sad.
Teacher Wang was bid farewell to, and he wished the students a smooth journey.
The army that besieged the bandits can gather at any time.
The army that besieged the bandits needs the regular army to be dispatched.
Teachers who love the school are always working hard in frontline teaching.
Teachers who love the school love the diligent efforts they have made.
People who miss their hometown always want to go back.
People who miss their hometown have this feeling as every wanderer does.
Those who fight against the opposition gathered together to celebrate.
Those who fight against the opposition, I believe justice will prevail.
The troops that discovered the enemy immediately launched an attack.
The troops that discovered the enemy are the reconnaissance troops of our army.
I met a teacher who is a friend and greeted them.
I met a teacher who is a friend, and I greeted the teacher.
Visiting the parents of the neighbor and brought many gifts.
Visiting the parents of the neighbor, I thanked the neighbor for taking care of me during these days.
The books studying the Spring and Autumn Period are kept in the library.
Studying books about the Spring and Autumn Period is very helpful for understanding that period of history.
Insulting other people's parents is not a good example for children.
Insulting other people's parents is not a polite behavior.
The tourists observing the gardens are discussing the garden design.
The tourists observing the gardens, their footsteps are all hurried.
Killing the neighbor's child, who is only in their teens.
The neighbor's child was killed, and the killer escaped.
The principals of five schools gathered together.
The teachers and their principals from five schools, Principal Wang stood together.
The drummers of two bands are arguing about who is the first drummer in the band.
The drummers of two bands are arguing about who is the first band.
The residents of two neighborhoods are discussing whose neighborhood's property prices have risen.
The residents of two neighborhoods are discussing the level of their affiliated hospitals.
The employees from three factories went out to eat and discussed going to ask the boss for a raise together.
The employees from three factories went out to eat and discussed the treatment (which is higher) in their respective factories.
-[600-650]-
There are two fans of a celebrity here, discussing today's concert by Jay Chou.
There are two fans of two celebrities here, debating whose work is better between Jay Chou and Cai Xukun.
The leaders of five colleges are discussing organizing a gathering for the five colleges.
The leaders of five colleges are discussing how to become the top college in the school.
There is a vase on the windowsill, given by two friends, both of whom are my good friends.
There are two vases on the windowsill, and both vases are very beautiful.
The China Culture Exhibition Center encompasses various cultures from hundreds of countries.
The China Culture Exhibition Center showcases the thousand-year cultural development of China.
Primary school Chinese teachers refer to teachers who teach Chinese in primary school.
Primary school Chinese teachers refer to teachers who specialize in teaching Chinese in primary school.
The Taiwan Institute of Chinese Character Research is located in Taipei, dedicated to researching Chinese characters.
The Taiwan Institute of Chinese Character Research is committed to promoting Chinese character development in mainland China's study of Taiwan.
The Suzhou Auto Exhibition showcases locally developed car brands in Suzhou.
The Suzhou Auto Exhibition showcases car brands from around the world.
It's great that so many devices have been produced in just one quarter.
It's terrible that so many devices have been produced in just one quarter.
The person fixing the car is in a hurry because they still need to drive somewhere.
The person fixing the car is in a hurry because the customer keeps urging them.
I am not interested in anyone because I don't have money.
I am not interested in anyone because I am very strong.
Teacher Wang has already been notified and will come soon.
Teacher Wang has already informed the students and everyone knows.
The partially damaged instrument is half of all the damaged instruments.
The partially damaged instrument is so badly damaged that it cannot be repaired.
Translating novels is not a good job.
Translating novels sometimes may not be as good as the original version, so it is not a good job.
Imported milk powder is not always better than domestic milk powder.
Imported milk powder can only be produced by companies approved by the country.
I can't write this news report well because my identity is sensitive.
I can't write this news report well, but I know you can.
Teachers hope that on Teachers' Day, students will give blessings instead of gifts, as thoughts are more important than material things.
On Teachers' Day, teachers hope that students don't give gifts or anything at all.
The friend who came is a friend of the older brother and the younger brother, and both brothers have the same social circle.
The friend who came is a friend of the older brother, and the older brother doesn't know the friend of the younger brother.
I only know about Kong Yiji among the articles about Lu Xun.
Many people have written articles about Lu Xun.
The teacher has already received feedback on their opinions.
The students have humbly accepted the teacher's opinions.
Many children like cleanliness.
Many people like children who are clean.
Xiao Li tells interesting stories, and everyone loves to listen to Xiao Li.
Xiao Li tells interesting stories and suggests that everyone should go and listen to them.
He suddenly remembered that he hadn't eaten yet.
He suddenly remembered, let's go eat.
He couldn't imagine that this question could be so simple.
He couldn't imagine what the solution to this question might be.
He is easy to talk to, and everyone finds it easy to get along with him.
He is easy to talk to and once he starts talking, he never stops.
He still owes 1000 yuan, but finally, he has paid off the debt.
He still owes 1000 yuan, and he plans to pay off the 1000 yuan next year.
-[650-700]-
The female employee working at this bank is arguing with a man who claims to be the boss of a company.
The female employee working at this bank is arguing with a man because he cut in line.
The thugs that are being chased saw a lone police officer.
The thugs that are being chased encountered a group of policemen.
The doctor who is treating the patient is carrying out his duties.
The doctor who is treating the patient has already resigned due to illness.
The police are searching because they received a report that a criminal is nearby.
The police who are searching for the suspect went missing during the chase.
The teacher is testing because he wants to know the students' level of achievement.
The teachers are taking the teacher qualification exam.
The homeless man is helping because he rushed into the fire and saved many people.
The homeless man who is helping has not eaten for many days.
The official is reporting because the official wants to reduce his own guilt.
The public has been dissatisfied with this official's corruption for a long time.
The parents are educating because they believe that their child's education cannot solely rely on schools.
The parents are educating because they often indulge their child in doing bad things.
The child is deceived because the mother really has no money to buy toys for the child.
The child is deceived because the mother is very compliant with the child.
The director is admired because his movie is very good.
The director is admired because he is satisfied with the actors' performances.
The workers in the factory are criticized because they have not received their wages for a long time.
The workers in the factory are criticized because they often slack off.
The officials of the township government are being inspected because the government has been reported to have corrupt practices.
The officials of the township government are being inspected and welcomed by the arrival of their superiors.
The children are frightened because today is Halloween.
The child is frightened because the child often cries.
The colleague is congratulated because he was just elected as an outstanding talent.
The colleague is congratulated because he is happy about his recent marriage.
The leader is being greeted because the leader wants to make a good impression on the owner of the visiting large corporation.
The leader is being greeted because the leader is inspecting the local work.
The fish in the two rivers will evolve in different directions if they experience geographical isolation.
The fish in the two rivers were caught by a fisherman at the same time.
The executives of the five education institutions are meeting to share the students' information.
The executives of the five education institutions are discussing the operation of the institutions this year.
The babies in the four cities were just born in the same hospital.
The cultural customs backgrounds of the babies in the four cities are different.
The professors from the six colleges are lecturing on different topics within the field of computers.
The professors from the six colleges are lecturing on different majors.
The cashier of the three supermarkets have different salaries.
The staff numbers of the cashiers in the three supermarkets are consecutive.
The star is being cheered because the star received the Best Actor award.
The star is being cheered because a fan saw the secret star at the airport.
The member of parliament is boycotting because the member feels unfairly treated.
The member of parliament is boycotting because the member made incorrect remarks.
His sister's liking is for him, but his sister does not like anyone.
His sister's liking is for him, and his sister has been pursuing him even though he doesn't like her.
Parents of students are required to attend a parent meeting that only allows parents to participate.
Parents of students are discussing their opinions about each other under the school's arrangement.
The TV remote control needs to have its batteries replaced.
The TV remote control requires batteries of the same brand.
-[700-750]-
The general Wang is being tried for treason.
The general Wang is being tried and sentenced to 10 years in prison.
Xiao Li is teaching us this skill personally.
Xiao Li is being taught this technique by me.
I like this article, it is very well written.
Students like new things.
Xiao Li is doubtful and skeptical about any new thing.
I suspect Xiao Li because his recent behavior has been abnormal.
The senator Wang supports this proposal greatly.
Citizens voted for him in support.
The students dislike Teacher Li.
Teacher Li dislikes this behavior greatly.
Iraq has sent out a large number of troops.
Iraq has deployed a division of troops.
Even he is worried, you are truly overthinking.
Even he is worried, this matter is really difficult.
Even I don't believe it, this matter is actually true.
Even I don't believe it, who else can you believe?
He insults the employees of the company and is very dissatisfied with the company.
He insults the employees of the company, as well as the company's leaders.
The young men from the northern region like it here because there is heating in the winter.
The young men from the northern region like it here because they are very generous.
Bullying the classmates who bully Xiao Li is the same as bullying Xiao Li.
The classmates who bully Xiao Li have been severely criticized by the teacher.
The troops that defeated the rebels require the deployment of a regular army of 100,000.
The troops that defeated the rebels have already gathered together.
The family members who care for employees are the employees' strong support.
The family members who care for employees are the best care for employees.
Students who love the school should be expected of every principal.
Students who love the school always have the reputation of the school in mind.
Small Li regrets and feels responsible for involving his family.
Small Li is deeply sorry for involving his family.
The superior who implicated the leader makes the leader very sorry.
The superior who implicated the leader directly confessed.
Offending the public will no longer make you a star.
Offending the public will be criticized by the star's fans.
The troops surrounding the bandits can assemble at any time.
The troops surrounding the bandits is an urgent matter.
The people who miss their hometown, I think about returning all the time.
The people who miss their hometown will return home for Chinese New Year.
People who oppose the opposition party gather together to celebrate.
People who oppose the opposition party and their accomplices.
Upon discovering the enemy's troops, our military immediately launched an attack.
Discovering the enemy's troops is our vanguard troops.
Pedestrians observing the gardens all seem very happy.
Pedestrians observing the gardens all have hurried steps.
Her mother, who cares about her, personally cooked porridge to take care of her.
Her mother, who cares about her, is already over seventy.
Employees who care about the company deserve praise.
Employees who care about the company should be given improved living and accommodation benefits.
-[750-800]-
He wrote a two-hour speech, which means he will speak for two hours.
He wrote a two-hour speech, but hasn't finished writing it yet.
There are masters from two associations serving as judges in this calligraphy competition, each representing their own association.
There are masters from two associations serving as judges in this calligraphy competition, and they are the core figures of the Calligraphy Association.
We all cannot afford the respect for him.
The respect for him stems from his noble character.
I am very grateful for his encouragement.
His encouragement deeply motivated him.
I directly answered his doubts.
Doubts about him spread among people.
The fear of him stems from ignorance about him.
The teacher patiently comforted him for his fear.
The residents of the two cities are discussing which city has a better future development.
The residents of the two cities are discussing the newly-appointed mayor Wang.
The leaders of three countries are having a meeting to discuss each country's energy policies.
The leaders of three countries are having a meeting to discuss their own country's military expenditure this year.
The participants in the competition are students from three sports schools, and they all want to bring glory to their respective schools.
The participants in the competition are students from three sports schools, and they come from the same class.
The players from two teams are practicing on the playground for this year's championship.
The players from two teams often practice together.
Men often give up beautiful women in pursuit of more important spiritual world.
This man chose to leave by giving up beautiful women.
The school leadership criticized him and held a seminar specifically for that.
He had anticipated the school leadership's criticism.
The three of us can be divided into two groups.
The three of us can form two groups because we complement each other.
A youth hair salon has opened downstairs, specializing in haircuts for young people.
A youth hair salon has opened downstairs, with all hairstylists being young people.
The county notified to report before the 15th, it will be too late if you go on the 15th.
The county notified to report before the 15th, only on the 15th is acceptable.
I have been reading newspapers for ten days, one per day.
I have been reading newspapers for ten days, and I finished reading one each day.
Doctors from three hospitals came to the school, including Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Municipal Hospital, and Provincial Hospital.
Doctors from three hospitals came to the school, all from Peking Union Medical College Hospital.
He just came to the school and didn't know anyone, only familiar with his desk mate.
He just came to the school and didn't know anyone, and no one talked to him.
Call the taxi quickly, there aren't many people on the road, drive faster.
Call the taxi quickly, there are many cars here, it's easy to get one.
The reasonable suggestions of the three workers are very good.
The reasonable suggestions of the three workers were discussed and accepted by the labor union.
The economic loss combined with the litigation fee is a total of 8000 yuan.
The economic loss combined with the litigation fee is to be borne by the driver.
Leave water for the people who come at night, otherwise the later ones will be thirsty.
Leave water for the people who come at night, otherwise water will not be available at night.
I only turned 30 when I met you, and I was still a child.
I only turned 30 when I met you, and you were still a child.
Mom was very happy when she saw me and asked why I was so happy.
Mom was very happy when she saw me because she hadn't seen me for a long time.
He criticizes you for doing something wrong, listen to him.
He criticizes you for doing something wrong, but you haven't done anything wrong.
-[800-850]-
He wants to take the village cadres with him to engage in drug trafficking.
After school, these students have made plans to go swimming together in the reservoir.
Eat up the enemy's division.
He likes to eat apples.
Until now, they haven't arranged accommodation for me, so I have to roam around at night.
Our army roams around and attacks the enemy.
In the 1990s, many people started their own businesses.
The fishermen by the seaside make a living by fishing.
He is a worthless person.
There's some rotten wood hidden in the material of this furniture.
He is a person who frequently loses things.
He likes to wear red clothing.
The police have stationed several people here.
The train station has installed automatic ticket machines.
The flood season has passed, and the river is calm.
Only when the country is stable can good construction be carried out.
His offense doesn't warrant an administrative warning punishment.
When you commit a crime, you will be punished by law.
He received orders to take down the enemy's outpost.
Use a suction cup to remove it, and the pain will be alleviated.
The members of the defensive department are extremely strict at the gate, and no one is allowed to bring personal items out of the factory.
Speaking too much will lead to mistakes, one should be cautious when speaking.
Glancing at him.
Went on a trip for nothing.
He is good at guessing riddles.
He is a sharpshooter, hitting the mark every time.
You talk too fast.
He has a big mouth.
Our country has its own unique national conditions, completely copying the management methods of others won't work.
Move the flowerpot to the balcony.
He has a stern face, looking very angry.
The ground is hard and unfertile, not suitable for plowing.
International students at that time had to live for a year in a preparatory course.
My home is located on a steep slope of yellow soil.
This piece of land is not thin.
The shelves are too thin to withstand the pressure of the books.
The ministers are preparing to submit a memorial.
A group of students are singing the national anthem.
One bullet eliminates one enemy.
This batch of wrenches needs to be reported to the factory for replacement.
Properly manage work and study.
Actions are governed by thoughts.
The children in this room need to be disciplined.
This bicycle needs to be repaired.
He quotes ancient texts multiple times in his article.
He excels in discovering and promoting untapped talents.
He forced his parents to buy a piano.
The army has already reached the outskirts of the city.
Make clothes according to the body's shape.
This year is not the same as previous years.
-[850-900]-
After dinner walks are his required course.
Modern Chinese is our required course.
The chain and gears are stuck.
You should speak the truth, don't wrongly accuse others.
We will never let our country's landscape change.
This advertisement's paint has good quality and doesn't change its color.
In this National Games, our province sent four hundred athletes to compete.
After the Battle of Huai-Hai, the participating forces of the Liberation Army totaled around 500,000.
He dismounts and gestures to the audience.
This project has already been abandoned.
This engineer is a complete idiot.
The director uses a dummy as a prop bag.
If you don't focus, you won't be able to learn well.
His athlete's foot has been cured.
These soldiers have searched homes twice already.
He is copying notes because he didn't come to class yesterday.
He successfully entered the business world and now he is the chairman of a company.
The model posed nude for art.
The person wearing the watch walked for 3 minutes.
The person walked for 3 minutes.
Please string these two sentences together.
He is exploring the streets and alleys of this beautiful city.
Spring is blossoming in the hearts of the two young people.
The feeling of spring is abundant.
This cat is running around everywhere.
The river water ran higher than the bridge.
He is sending a telegram that the military urgently needs.
He is fighting against the person he despises.
This street has many shops that can function as jewelry stores.
He doesn't consider this matter as a big deal.
The woman is spewing foul language.
In residential areas without sanitation facilities, residents dump waste in designated waste trucks every morning.
He drew a line under his name.
There is no way ahead, where else are you going?
This store is substituting substandard goods for the genuine article.
The store has already substituted these goods.
As soon as he entered the exam room, he felt nervous.
The slightest mishap and he becomes nervous.
The corrupt behavior of the director was recently exposed.
The road in this area is prone to accidents.
His hobby is diving into books.
He drills a small hole on the wall.
Selling the spiritual opium of the bourgeoisie.
Selling drugs.
After hearing his comforting words, a warm feeling surged in his heart.
This warm current brings abundant food resources to this ocean.
His words are practically selling youth.
His painting was auctioned off for $10,000.
Working at the bank is lucrative.
This dress is a bit loose.
-[900-950]-
Boiling scenes of popular movements.
Boiling soup.
Comrades from the investigation team distributing to various places.
Comrades from the investigation team distributing labor protection supplies.
Please do not distract yourselves while distributing flyers.
Please distribute the flyers in your hands.
This year's weather is favorable, the autumn scenery of the farmers must be beautiful.
The autumn scenery of this tourist city is beautiful.
To inquire about rumors.
Listening to the wind outside the window, he didn't sleep all night.
Take this medicine with warm water.
Don't exert power over others, but convince them with reason.
He is an experienced person.
Since the age of fourteen, he has been wandering.
He has risen and fallen in the officialdom several times, very experienced.
The small boat floats and sinks with the waves on the sea.
These construction workers are building a shopping mall specifically for selling quilts.
In this cold weather, he only covers himself with a blanket when sleeping.
The teacher drew many lines on his composition book.
He held a long bar in his hand.
When singing to high notes, his voice couldn't reach.
What he said is of high standard, but not easy to achieve.
His writing plan has come to a standstill.
This cargo ship has run aground, and they have to find a way to transport it by land.
The main force has launched an assault on the enemy's buildings.
After two years of research, they finally solved this technical problem.
It is unknown which year this antique object belongs to.
People who have interacted with him consider him old-fashioned.
The wipers on the car are wiping the glass.
This young couple often borrows money from their parents.
He still has the factory's matters on his mind.
The moon hangs in the sky.
It's not easy to do things, any part can cause a problem.
Every time it rains, she feels pain in her joints.
I'm used to getting up early, sleeping in is uncomfortable.
Nowadays, some families often spoil their children.
He did something he shouldn't have done and felt guilty.
The parents often scare children with stories about ghosts.
He has a plan in mind regarding this matter.
A beam of light passing through a prism will form a spectrum.
Weeds grow rampantly.
Accidents happen frequently.
He obtained many famous wines through the back door.
There is a small pond not far from the back door.
Old man Ding is proficient in martial arts, even his daughter can't defeat him.
This family has come to an end, there is no one left.
Kindergarten teachers carefully cultivate the flowers of the motherland.
Even the most beautiful flowers will wither eventually.
The company hired a few decorative vases specifically for entertaining guests.
There is a beautiful vase in the empty living room.
-[950-1000]-
The widespread landslide caused by heavy rain has attracted significant attention from the government.
The number of trees collected by this factory has been consistently declining, leading to a continuous decrease in production.
He is on his way home to reply to the letter he received.
He is currently riding a car home.
He went back to university last year and wants to take the exam again.
These scrap copper pieces need to be recycled.
After inspecting here for 3 months, the disciplinary committee made a reversal.
He gave the enemy a surprise attack on the battlefield.
He shouted into the valley, only to receive an echo.
He pressed the doorbell for a long time, but there was no response from inside the house.
His words are filled with an aggressive tone.
The battlefield is filled with tension.
Good works need to be refined multiple times.
Good steel needs to go through multiple refining processes.
The child has been working hard to prepare for the college entrance examination, so don't put more pressure on him.
It's best to reheat cold rice before eating.
This guy is too heavy and difficult to lift.
This guy doesn't have good intentions.
A plan must have corresponding and reasonable measures to avoid being overridden.
This building is elevated, with a height of 5 feet from the ground.
Before writing a novel, you need to establish the framework.
There is a large bookshelf in his house.
Watermelons are very cheap this year.
He is just a despicable person.
The things sold in the second-hand market are usually of poor quality.
He is just a cheap person.
He plans to order four dishes.
The patient is calling out his wife's name.
This couple got into an argument inside the house again due to their child's issue.
This troop got into a firefight with the enemy while on the move.
He can untie this shoelace in just 10 seconds.
This math problem is very difficult to solve.
The telephone ring interrupted his words.
This big tree was cut in the middle.
For personal gain, he betrayed his friend.
He sells eggs at the school gate.
He entered a shoe store.
He received a batch of shoes.
I don't want to poach employees from other companies.
There are many bricks piled up in the corner.
This week at the end of the month is when the janitors get paid.
The room is stuffy, so we need to open the windows.
If you want to accomplish great things, you will inevitably encounter setbacks.
The road is slippery, be careful not to slip and fall.
The factory has suffered losses of millions of yuan.
His body suffered from depletion after consecutive days of work.
He finally found relief from his long-standing worries.
The autumn leaves are falling one after another.
His research on pregnant women is in a difficult situation due to current research conditions.
Middle-aged women have a higher chance of experiencing complications during pregnancy.
-[1000-1050]-
This sentence is a quote from an ancient book.
He quotes his relatives.
This engine has serious internal friction.
Their department has serious internal friction.
He stands far away to catch the ball.
He plans to take the position of the factory director.
As soon as his hand touched the fire, he withdrew it.
We have already made contact with the enemy.
Let's cool down this matter first.
Let's cool down this hot tea first.
He is already old.
There are 365 days in a year.
He has a deep voice.
He is a generous person and earns everyone's respect.
The child likes to pull and tug at others.
I raised you up.
This well-known company leads the industry.
Please ask the master to fix the faucet.
He keeps kneading the clay in his hand.
This is the new thing he molded.
He twisted his waist while working.
He twisted his bad habit.
He walked unsteadily, twisting his body.
His soul was distorted by this matter.
When the earthquake happened, he immediately went down on the ground.
At the slightest difficulty, he immediately gives up.
They are shooting the scene of the waves crashing against the bank.
They are shooting a movie.
He is good at bribery and soon climbed up to the position of director.
When visiting the Forbidden City, we saw the emperor's throne.
In modern times, even having a college degree no longer guarantees a good job.
Please go and put up the sign at that intersection.
Deviate from the homeland.
Deviate from the correct principles.
He likes to climb steep cliffs.
He likes to climb up to his boss.
This chess game has entered a final game.
Clean up the aftermath of this matter.
The market is not good now, quickly sell the goods in your hand.
He was ordered to throw the ball away.
This person really can't do anything right.
There is no rice in the rice bucket.
The power of the cannons in the army is very strong.
During the New Year period, it is not allowed to set off firecrackers at home.
This teacher is earnestly cultivating his students.
This gardener is carefully cultivating his plants.
These clothes are made of good quality fur.
I only know a little bit about this field.
Let's meet again next week.
Their chosen topics overlap.
-[1050-1100]-
Please cover this book with a layer of skin.
His hand lost a layer of skin.
He was busy all day and felt very tired.
The book market has been struggling.
He just finished moving and felt very fatigued.
Magnets become fatigued with prolonged use.
No one wants to marry her.
The law firm wants to hire a legal advisor.
The government quelled the unrest.
The score equaled the world record.
The sea calmed down.
My wound has healed.
He spent a lot of money again when he went out this time.
He broke the world record again in this competition.
They actually cut open their own stomachs.
This article deeply analyzed this issue.
He has become the flag bearer of the entire army.
There were many flying flags on the street today.
Don't start a fire at home, come to my place for dinner.
Don't get angry, stay calm.
The sea rose during this storm.
If you have a question, please stand up.
These two people are involved with a mother cow.
This matter involves the leadership.
He infiltrated this city.
He dived into the sea.
This color is too light.
I have shallow knowledge about clothing colors.
This plan was rejected.
He was executed by the police for committing a crime.
Rape public opinion.
He raped an underage girl.
This woman is very attractive.
This batch of rice is in high demand in the market.
The common people refer to this person as "blue sky".
The weather in this place rarely sees clear skies.
A blue cloud floated across the sky in this place.
He has ascended to high positions of power.
This is a thin but meaningful gift.
There is a thin piece of paper on the table.
The clouds in the sky appear frivolous.
Just by looking at him, you can tell he is a frivolous person.
His singing voice charmed the people in the theater.
This thatched hut collapsed in the hurricane.
She dumped a whole truckload of coal outside the house.
She poured out her tears, releasing all her grievances.
This sentence needs a few incorrect words to be corrected.
Tomorrow, this panda is going to Beijing.
Tomorrow is the tug-of-war competition, our entire company will participate.
After this battle, the enemy's entire army was defeated.
-[1100-1150]-
The forging of a sword requires heat treatment.
This problem cannot be solved through heat treatment.
Burning an object requires a certain level of heat.
His enthusiasm for this matter has lasted a long time.
The sun generally rises from the east.
There are 365 days in a year.
This food is too bitter to eat.
Goods entering the country need to go through customs.
This food is very flavorful.
This movie is very engaging.
Please water these flowers.
Lubricate the moving parts of the machine with oil.
This persimmon is very astringent.
This article is very dry.
Please stick out your tongue.
They captured a prisoner from the enemy camp.
It is already very late at night.
This well is very deep.
My child is starting to lose baby teeth.
His chopsticks are all made of bamboo.
This child needs to be tidied up.
This broken table needs to be fixed.
This criminal needs to be punished.
This malfunctioning machine needs to be repaired.
Unclog the blocked drain.
Resolve the conflict between the two villages.
This article has too much water content.
The water in this pot will boil.
This money is my personal savings.
All the private properties in this area need to be demolished.
He talks so much, it's tiring.
This glass is shattered.
This science fiction film tells the story of a space traveler who encounters a boy on Earth.
She is the first female astronaut launched into space aboard an Earth-bound spacecraft.
The students taught by this teacher excel in various fields.
The scenery outside the house is splendid.
Theoretical articles can also be written in a popular and understandable way, not necessarily like a cryptic text.
He dreamed last night that an immortal gave him a celestial book.
He plans to go to the post office to mail a letter.
Yesterday, he threw the letter into a well.
This glass window is very transparent.
After hearing this sentence, his heart became clear.
This type of tank has already been decommissioned.
He is a retired soldier.
It is necessary to handle the person who committed the crime.
Many families are busy preparing for the new year.
This book is a treasure that he just bought at the bookstore.
This mother took her newborn baby out to play.
This teacher asked the student to recite the text he just wrote on the blackboard.
School rules require students to carry backpacks to school.
-[1150-1200]-
He is writing the lyrics of the song he will sing at tomorrow's party.
He is making the grass shoes that will be worn in tomorrow's battle.
The magician is performing a magic trick.
This barren mountain is turning into cultivated fields.
This soldier will wear civilian clothes when he returns home.
This leader will bring a few plainclothes officers to protect himself during a private visit.
Please truthfully write this table about opening a clock shop.
He is repairing watches in the clock shop.
He is accustomed to wiping his mouth with a tissue after eating.
The plane grazed the mountaintop.
This is the season when bandits come out of the mountains.
This season sees the birth of many babies.
He is walking along the road next to this clothing store.
He is wearing a red piece of clothing.
He is setting up the tent he will sleep in tonight.
He is boarding a luxurious ship to return home.
This actor lost his voice.
This house collapsed in the storm.
If he resigns, no one can fill his role.
This train is about to arrive in Shanghai.
The enemy inside this fortress often comes out to harm the people, and the troops plan to remove this nail.
Two nails are needed to prevent the table leg from breaking.
Your eyes are sharp, able to find the criminals among so many people.
This snake is very venomous and can kill a person instantly.
Using wind energy for power generation is a new energy policy.
This unit is under enemy attack and is providing power to headquarters.
The workers just renovated this temple.
The bomb blew up this tank.
He spoke in class and made the same mistake he shouldn't have made at school again.
He spoke in class and violated the school rules again.
The addition of preservatives is strictly forbidden in this type of food.
A good reader always has their own preservation methods when reading.
This car is driving very fast.
The knife's edge is very sharp.
They are laying high-voltage power lines here.
The electrician in the hospital has high blood pressure, which is too high.
There is a bump on his skin.
After experiencing a betrayal, there was a bump in their relationship.
This person is spineless.
A person has a total of 206 bones.
You should wrap the dumplings with this kind of leaf.
Do not wrap two different things together.
She is a red flag in the railway department because of her diligent work.
Every morning, the school's playground raises the flag.
This ideology is resurging once again.
This floor tends to get damp in the summer.
She plans to open a supermarket here.
Today, the captain's flight mission is to operate a large aircraft.
He used to be poor, but now he has become prosperous.
This house is very spacious.
