He wanted to pull the same village cadres together to go down to the water to sell drugs.
After school these students made a date to go down to the reservoir together.
Eat an enemy division.
He likes apples.
I haven't been given housing till now, so I have to roam around at night.
Our troops went around guerrilla attacking the enemy.
In the nineties, many people went to sea to do business.
The fishermen at the coast make a living by going down to the sea.
He's such a rotten piece of wood.
There's some rotten wood caught in the material of this furniture.
He is a man who loves to lose things.
He loves to wear red.
The police have installed a few people here.
The train station has installed automatic ticket checkers.
The flood season is over and the rivers are at peace.
The country is at peace so that construction can be done.
His crime is not enough for an administrative warning.
If you commit a crime, you have to be punished by law.
He received an order to pluck the enemy's guard tower.
Two pulls with a fire pot will ease the pain.
A few people from the security section keep the door extra tight, no one can take public property out of the factory privately.
Too much talk is too much. Keep your mouth shut.
I gave him a blank look.
A trip for nothing.
He's good at riddles.
He's a sharpshooter. He's a hundred percent.
Your mouth is too fast.
He has a big mouth.
Our country has its own national conditions. It's not possible to follow other people's management methods.
Move the flower pots to the balcony.
He has a stern face and looks angry.
The ground is too flat to plow.
In those days, foreign students had to live in the preparatory school for a year.
My family lived on a high loess slope.
The ground wasn't thin.
The shelf lattice is too thin to bear the pressure of the books.
The ministers are preparing to play a sangha.
A group of students is playing the national anthem.
A bullet reimburses an enemy.
The wrenches are to be reimbursed to the factory for a new one.
Rationalize work and study.
Actions are governed by thoughts.
The children in this room need to be fixed.
This bicycle needs fixing.
He quoted ancient texts several times in his essay.
He excels in invoking undiscovered talent.
He forced his parents to buy a piano.
The army has forced its way to the outskirts of the city.
Than made clothes out of his body.
This year is not like previous years.
A walk after dinner is compulsory for him.
Modern Chinese is compulsory for us.
The chain and cogs bit the dust.
You have to tell the truth and not bite others.
We will never let our country's rivers and mountains change color.
This advertising pigment is of good quality and does not change color.
In this National Games, our province sent four hundred players to fight.
After the Huaihai Battle, the PLA troops involved in the battle totaled about half a million.
He dismounted and signaled to the audience.
This project has been dismounted.
This engineer is a big straw bale.
The director used a straw bale as a grain sack.
If you don't pay attention, you can't cure learning.
He was cured of foot odor.
These soldiers have copied the house twice.
He who didn't come to class yesterday is copying his notes.
He broke into the business world naked and is now the chairman of a company.
The model is naked and is dedicating herself to art.
The watch this man was wearing went three minutes.
The man walked for three minutes.
Please string these two sentences together.
He is stringing the streets of this beautiful city.
Spring is in the breasts of the two young men.
Spring is in the air.
The cat is scurrying all over the place.
The river scurries up higher than the bridge.
He is hitting a telegram that the army desperately needs to receive.
He is hitting the one he hates.
This street is full of stores that can be used as jewelry.
He doesn't make a big deal out of it.
That woman poured feces out of her mouth.
In residential areas without sanitary facilities, residents pour manure into a designated manure truck every morning.
A road was drawn under his name.
There's no road ahead, so where are you going?
This store uses inferior goods to top up the genuine ones.
The store has already topped out.
Once he's in the exam room, he'll be furious.
When things don't go his way, he gets angry.
The Director's bribery case finally flipped recently.
The road surface in this area is very easy to roll over.
His hobby is drilling books.
Drilling a hole in the wall.
Selling bourgeois spiritual opium.
Selling drugs.
Hearing his comforting words, a warm current rushed through my heart.
This warm current brings rich food resources to this ocean.
His words were practically an auction of youth.
His paintings were auctioned for $10,000 dollars.
Banks work fat.
This dress is fat.
Boiling mass movement scene.
Boiling soup.
Comrades of the investigation team distribute various places.
Comrades of the investigation team distribute labor supplies .
Please don't distract yourself from handing out leaflets.
Please distract yourself from the leaflets in your hands.
The wind and rain have been good this year, so the farmers must have a good fall scenery.
The fall scenery in this tourist city is good.
Spy on the sound of the wind.
Listening to the wind outside the window, he didn't sleep all night.
This medicine is served with warm water.
Don't press people with power, but convince them with reason.
He's an old man.
He has been living in the jungle since he was fourteen years old.
He has floated in the official world several times and is very experienced.
The boat floats and sinks on the sea with the huge waves.
What these construction workers are building is a mall dedicated to selling quilts.
He sleeps with only a blanket on these cold days.
The teacher drew many bars in his composition book.
He is holding a long bar in his hand.
When he sings a song in a high key, he can't top his voice.
What he was saying was pretty high-pitched, but it wasn't easy to do.
His writing program ran aground.
The freighter had run aground and would have to find a way to transport it by land.
The main force has launched an assault on the enemy's buildings.
After two years of attack, the technical problem has finally been solved.
This artifact is not yet known to be an antique of any year.
Those who have interacted with him think that this man is an antique.
The wipers on the car are scraping the glass.
This little couple often scrapes their parents.
His heart is still hung up on the factory.
The moon is hanging in the sky.
It's so hard to do things. Any one of the joints can get stuck.
Whenever it rains, she feels sore joints all over her body.
I'm so used to getting up early that I don't feel comfortable sleeping in.
In some families nowadays, children are often spoiled.
He does things he shouldn't and has a ghost in his heart.
The parents of the family often scare the child with stories about ghosts.
For this matter, he has a plan in his heart.
A beam of light passing through a prism creates a spectrum.
Weeds run rampant.
Car accidents were rampant.
He got a lot of famous wine through the back door.
There is a small pond not far from the back door.
Ding Laohan's hand is so extinct that even his daughter doesn't know how to do it.
This family is all extinct, there's no one left.
Kindergarten teachers carefully cultivate the flowers of the motherland.
Even the most colorful flowers have their time to fade.
The company recruited a few vases that were specially designed for entertaining guests.
A beautiful vase was placed in the unoccupied living room.
The landslides of the large area of the mountain caused by the heavy rains drew the government's attention.
The number of trees collected by this factory had been slipping, resulting in consistently low production.
He is coming home to the letter he wrote to him.
He is taking the bus home.
He went back to the furnace last year and wants to go to college again.
This scrap copper needs to go back to the furnace.
Three months after inspecting this place, the disciplinary committee gave a return.
On the battlefield he gave the enemy a comeback.
He shouted into the valley and received only echoes.
He rang the doorbell half a dozen times and received no echo from the house.
His speech reeked of gunpowder.
The battlefield was full of gunpowder.
A good piece of work is hammered many times.
Good steel is hammered many times.
The child is already working very hard to prepare for the college entrance exam, so don't warm him up.
Cold rice is best served warmed up.
This guy is too bulky to hold.
This guy is not harboring good intentions.
Plans must be made with appropriate and reasonable measures so that they are not overhead.
This house is elevated, five feet off the ground.
You have to build a shelf for a novel before you write it.
He has a large shelf of books in his house.
Watermelon is cheap this year.
He is just cheap as a person.
What is sold in the second-hand market is usually cheap.
He, for one, is a cheap bastard.
He was going to order four dishes.
The patient's mouth is calling his wife's name.
This husband and wife are catching fire in the house again because of their child.
This trooper caught fire with the enemy while walking.
This shoelace took him only ten seconds to solve.
This math problem is very difficult to solve.
The ringing of the telephone cut off his words.
This big tree was cut off in the middle.
He sold his friend for profit.
He sold eggs in front of the school.
He went into a store that sells shoes.
He got in a shipment of shoes.
I don't want to cut corners in other people's companies.
There are a lot of bricks piled up under the corner.
At the end of this week it's time to open the paychecks of the janitorial staff.
The house is so stuffy that the windows need to be opened.
If you want to do something big, you're bound to fall.
The road is slippery, so you take care not to fall.
The factory lost hundreds of thousands of dollars.
His body lost money after working continuously for several days.
His long-suffering heart finally fell to the ground.
The autumn leaves are falling to the ground.
His research about pregnant women is prone to difficult labor under the current research conditions.
The pregnancies of middle-aged women are prone to difficult labor.
This quote is from an ancient book.
The ones he quotes are his relatives.
There's a lot of internal friction in this engine.
There is serious internal friction in their department.
He stood at a distance to catch the wicket.
He was going to catch the factory manager's job.
As soon as his hand touched the fire, he withdrew it.
We've made contact with the enemy.
Cold this thing first.
Cold this hot tea first.
Nian is already old.
There are 365 days in a year.
He has a generous voice.
He is a generous man, deeply respected by everyone.
Children like to pull others.
I pulled you up.
This well-known company is the leader in the industry.
Please ask Master to come and fix the faucet.
He kept kneading the playdough in his hand.
This is a new thing he has kneaded.
He twisted his back while working.
He twisted his own bad habit.
He twisted and staggered.
His soul was twisted by this thing.
When he encountered an earthquake, he immediately got down.
When he encountered a little difficulty, he got down immediately.
They are filming the waves lapping the embankment.
They were making a movie.
He was good at bribery and soon climbed to the throne of the director.
Visiting the Forbidden City, we that saw the throne of the Qing Emperor.
In modern times, you can't find a good job even if you only have the sign of a college student.
Please go and put up the sign at that intersection.
Departure from the homeland.
Departure from right principles.
He likes to climb steep cliffs.
He likes to climb his bosses.
This chess game has gone to a stalemate.
Wrap up the loose ends of this thing.
Now that the market is bad, hurry up and throw out the goods in your hand.
He was ordered to throw out the ball in his hand.
This man is such a rice bucket, he can't do anything right.
There is no rice in the rice bucket.
The power of the cannon in the army is great.
The government has made it a rule that you can't set off cannons in your house during New Year's Eve.
This teacher is carefully cultivating his students.
This gardener is carefully cultivating his plants.
These clothes are good skins.
About this field, I know only the skinny.
We'll meet again next week.
The topics they chose clashed.
Please wrap a layer of skin around this book.
He lost a layer of skin on his hand.
He felt sleepy after a busy day.
The book market is tired and sleepy.
He has just moved house and is feeling tired.
Magnets become fatigued when used for a long time.
No one wants to hire her as a daughter-in-law.
This law firm wants to hire a legal counselor.
The government quelled the unrest.
This achievement leveled the world record.
The sea calmed down.
My wound calmed down.
He broke a lot more money on the street this time.
He broke the world record again this race.
They actually dissected themselves.
This article dissects the problem profoundly.
He has become the flag of the whole army.
There are many flags flying in the streets today.
Don't start a fire at your house, come to my house for dinner.
You don't start a fire, take care to keep your mood calm.
The sea rises in this storm.
If you have a problem, please stand up.
These two men implicate a cow.
This thing involves the leader.
He dived into the city.
He dove to the bottom of the sea.
This color is too light.
My knowledge of clothing colors is too light.
The program was shot.
He was shot by the police for a crime.
Rape of a minor.
He raped an underage girl.
This woman is very pretty.
This rice was very pretty in the market.
The people call this man Green Sky.
It's rare to see a green sky in the weather in this place.
A green cloud has drifted across the sky of this place.
He has been a man who has ascended to a green cloud.
This is a light but meaningful gift.
There is a light paper on the table.
The clouds in the sky looked frivolous.
At first glance, it felt like he was a frivolous person.
His song made the people in the theater fall over.
This cottage tipped over in the hurricane.
She dumped a load of coal outside the house.
She shed tears and dumped all her grievances.
This sentence needs to have a few wrong words removed.
Tomorrow, this panda is going to Beijing.
For the tug-of-war tomorrow, our company will have its entire army out.
After this battle, the entire enemy army was crushed.
The forging of a sword requires heat treatment.
This problem cannot be heat treated.
Objects require a certain amount of heat to burn.
His heat on this matter lasted a long time.
The sun usually rises in the east.
There are 365 days in a year.
This food is too bitter to be ingested.
Goods have to go through customs to be imported.
This food is very tasty.
This movie is very tasty.
Please moisturize these flowers.
Moisten the rotating parts of the machine with oil.
This persimmon is astringent.
This article is very astringent.
Please stick out your tongue.
They caught a tongue back at the enemy camp.
The night is very deep.
This well is deep.
My little child is starting to change his teeth.
His chopsticks are made of teeth.
This little child needs to be cleaned up.
This broken table needs to be cleaned up.
This sinful man needs fixing.
This malfunctioning machine needs fixing.
A clogged drain needs to be unblocked.
Unclog a conflict between two villages.
There is too much water in this article.
The water in this pot will boil.
This money is my private house.
All the private houses in this neighborhood have to be demolished.
His mouth is so broken, all day long.
This glass is broken.
This science fiction movie depicts the story of a spaceman who makes contact with a boy on Earth.
She is the first female astronaut to go up with Earth's spacecraft.
The Peach Plums taught by this teacher are the elite in all walks of life.
The peaches and plums at home are gorgeous and colorful.
Theoretical essays can also be written in a way that is easy to understand and do not have to be written in a heavenly style.
He dreamed last night that a fairy gave him a heavenly book.
He intends to go to the post office to drop off a letter.
He pitched the well yesterday.
This glass window is very translucent.
After hearing that, his heart was permeable.
This tank has been decommissioned.
He is a retired soldier.
It is necessary to deal with the person who led the crime.
Many families are doing their annual shopping.
This book is a treasure he just bought at the bookstore.
This mother took her newborn baby out for a play date.
This teacher asked this student to memorize the text he had just written on the blackboard.
The school requires students to carry backpacks to school.
He is making up the words to the song he will sing at the party tomorrow.
He is making up straw shoes to wear in the war tomorrow.
This magician is doing a magic trick.
This barren mountain is turning into a good field.
This soldier will wear civilian clothes when he goes home.
This leader takes a couple of plainclothesmen with him for protection when he goes on private visits.
Write truthfully about this table about opening a watch store.
He is repairing a watch in a watch store.
He used to wipe his mouth with a tissue after eating.
The airplane wiped the top of the mountain.
It's the season when bandits are born from the mountains.
There are many babies born in this season.
He is wearing the road next to this clothing store.
He is wearing a red dress.
He is pitching a tent that he will sleep in tonight.
He is pitching a luxurious boat to go home.
This actor's voice collapsed.
This house fell down in the storm.
If he leaves, no one will be able to cover his work.
This train is about to arrive in Shanghai.
The enemy in this fortress often comes out to plague the people, and the troops intend to pull out the nail.
The table leg needs two nails to prevent it from breaking.
Your eyes are so poisonous that you can find criminals among so many people.
This snake is so poisonous that it can kill people instantly.
Using wind power to generate electricity is the new energy policy.
This unit has suffered an enemy attack and is generating electricity for the headquarters.
This temple has just been turned over by renovation workers.
This bomb overturned this tank.
He talked in class and once again made a mistake that he shouldn't have made at school.
By talking in class, he has once again broken the rules of the school.
Preservatives are strictly forbidden in this food.
A good reader has his own preservatives when he reads a book.
This car drives fast.
This cut flies fast.
High-voltage power lines are being laid here.
This grid worker is in the hospital getting his blood pressure taken; his high voltage is too high.
He has a lump on his skin.
After a betrayal, there's a lump between their relationship.
This man has no bones.
A person has a total of 206 bones.
You should wrap dumplings in these leaves.
You don't wrap two different things together.
Working conscientiously, she is a red flag in the railroad department.
Every morning, the red flag is raised in the schoolyard.
This kind of thinking has come back again.
This floor will come back in the summer.
She plans to open a supermarket here.
This captain's flying assignment today is to fly a big airplane.
He used to be poor, but now he's become broad.
This house is very broad.
