When the earthquake hit China, it was China that aided.
When the earthquake hit Japan, it was China that assisted.
It is the government that opposes. This corrupt government does not support mass rallies.
It is the government that opposes. The masses demand reforms from this corrupt government.
It is the tiger that hunts, and the tiger's numbers are decreasing dramatically.
It is the tiger that hunts. It chases the antelope very fast.
It is the divisional officers who are ordered. The divisional officers have been asked to meet this morning.
It was the divisional officers who ordered it. The brigades under the division were asked to assemble immediately.
It is the wife who is worried. The husband has not been heard from for a long time.
The concern is for the wife, who doesn't know if she will be able to shoulder the whole family after I leave.
The concern was for her mother, who had boiled porridge for her sick mother.
The one who is concerned is her mother, who is sick and needs to be taken care of.
The one who is against it is Mr. Wang. Mr. Wang does not support this teaching program.
It is Mr. Wang who is against it. The others think Mr. Wang's proposal is inappropriate.
Even the children don't believe it. The whole thing is too fake.
Even the child doesn't believe it,because he is paranoid.
The chicken doesn't eat it because the chicken has eaten too much already.
The chicken isn't eating because it's been eating chickens lately and it's getting tired of it.
Xiao Yang wasn't found. It's been an afternoon since I've seen Xiao Yang.
Xiao Yang was not found, Xiao Yang felt cursed.
When Liu Hezhen was killed, it was Lu Xun's article that was criticized.
This person made a big fuss and criticized Lu Xun's articles.
It was the students who investigated because these students were eyewitnesses to the incident.
It was the students who investigated because these students had to complete the homework assigned by their teachers.
The mother who takes care of her child, this woman is always by her child's side when he is sick.
The mom who took care of her child, who needed to be well taken care of after giving birth.
Respect the student's teacher, this is what every student's parent should do.
Respect the teacher of the students who always takes their advice.
Care for the employees of the business, these employees often work for the greater good of the business.
Caring for the employees of the business, the boss needs to upgrade their living accommodations.
Having discovered an enemy sentry, this sentry needs to report the enemy situation immediately.
Having discovered the enemy's sentry, the enemy's sentry must not be allowed to escape.
Love the girls in Shanghai because the girls there are fashion conscious.
Like the girls in Shanghai because Shanghai is a prosperous city.
Implicated the Secretary's female secretary, because the female secretary's violation of the law led to the Secretary being held accountable.
Implicated the Secretary's female secretary, because the Secretary's violation of the law led to the Secretary being held accountable.
It's getting close to final exams and you need to review a semester's worth of homework.
No new knowledge will be taught this semester and a semester's worth of homework needs to be reviewed.
Hating the mother's daughter, this mother's son doesn't like his sister.
Hates her mother's daughter, this mother's daughter doesn't have a good relationship with her mother.
Knocked over his brother's bike, his brother was angry about his bike being knocked over.
Knocked over his brother's bike, luckily the brother was not hurt.
Because they had to travel for many days, they prepared dry food for one day.
Because they only had to travel for one day, they prepared a day's worth of dry food.
Research articles on Lu Xun usually write about Lu Xun's birth and death.
Researching Lu Xun's essay is a must for the study of modern literature.
Defeating the enemy forces, this force was welcomed by the people upon their return.
Defeating the enemy's troops, further pursuit is needed.
The father of the child was scolded because the child did not do well in the exam.
Scold the child's father because this father betrayed the marriage.
Please show me the research material.
Research material is a must for every researcher.
Imported food is higher in selling price.
Imported food is not allowed by the policy of this country.
Research materials have to be turned in before the deadline.
Research materials sometimes require more than one person to work together.
She had her baby last year and she is now almost one year old.
She had her baby last year and her baby is almost 1 year old.
Rental cars are being squeezed out of existence by online taxi services.
Rental cars are growing into a new big market.
He was injured while playing soccer on campus, so please take him to the school hospital immediately.
School hospitals are the two most crowded public places.
Literary language is two closely related liberal arts majors.
Literary language is the language used in literature.
Biological history, one is science-oriented and the other is liberal arts.
Biological history refers to the history of biology.
Other national matters wait for the next national meeting.
Matters of other countries will be discussed when the next international conference is held.
Ancient war fiction refers to fiction about ancient wars.
Ancient war novels refers to war novels written in ancient times.
African language studies refers to the specialized study of African languages.
African Language Studies is a language institute established in Africa.
New Faculty Dormitory is a dormitory dedicated to new faculty members.
The New Faculty Dormitory is a new faculty dormitory at the university.
He has had this car for five years and he wants to buy a new license plate.
This car of his is newly bought and he wants to buy a new automobile license plate.
A university English teacher is a teacher who teaches English at a university.
A university English teacher refers to a teacher who teaches English at a university.
The leaders of the two schools spoke at the same commencement ceremony one after the other.
The leaders of the two schools signed an agreement for mutual cooperation between their schools.
There were three kindergarteners and a total of six children playing in the park.
There were three kindergarteners in the park who were in the same class.
There were MPs from both parties in the office who attacked each other's party views.
There are two party MPs in the office who are running for party chairman.
Three factory workers were drinking together and ordered a total of three bottles of wine per person.
Three factory workers were drinking together and ordered a total of 10 bottles of wine from one bottle each.
There are five hospital doctors in this building and they are discussing the cooperation of their respective departments in the hospital.
There are five hospital doctors in this building who are discussing cooperation in their respective hospitals.
The players of the two teams have been good friends with each other since childhood.
The players of the two teams put on a great game for the audience at the stadium.
The waiters of several restaurants in front of the hotels were arguing about trying to get customers to their respective hotels.
A couple of hotel waiters in front of a hotel were chatting because there were no customers.
On the chair is a vase of flowers given to him by two friends who pooled their money to buy the vase.
On the chairs were vases from two friends, which were purchased with pooled funds by three of his friends.
For his help, everyone thanked him.
For his help, he returned the favor in kind.
He looked at cats in 3 pet stores and finally decided on the middle one to buy a cat.
He looked at cats from 3 pet stores and finally decided on the cutest cat in the middle one.
Police from 2 cities signed an agreement on cross-city cooperation in fighting crime.
Police officers from the 2 cities are patrolling the streets.
Xiao Ming was greatly encouraged by the encouragement of the teachers.
Subsidies were given to the teachers and the encouragement was given to the teachers.
As the teachers are attentive in class, the commendation is given to the teachers.
It was the teachers who were commended for the seriousness of their lessons.
It was his father who performed the operation because his father was a doctor.
It was his father who performed the operation because his father was seriously ill.
I took this photo last year when my photography skills were very good.
This is a photo I took last year. It is a good selfie.
The investigation was conducted by provincial officials, and it alerted the Central Government.
The investigation was conducted by provincial officials who were very dissatisfied with the situation in the cities.
The performance was by Jay Chou, who sang a hit song.
The performance was by Jay Chou, a master mimic who is very good at imitating famous singers.
Subsidized by high-tech companies, this is the government's policy.
It is the high-tech companies that are subsidized, and the users can gain a lot.
It is the Iraqi government that is protesting, and the people are very unhappy with it.
It is the Iraqi government that is protesting, and they strongly condemn the United States.
The strikes are against U.S. military units, and the White House is very angry about it.
The strikes were by U.S. military forces, who carried out air strikes on ground targets.
The send-off was Mr. Wang, and the students were very sad.
The send-off was Mr. Wang, who wished his classmates a safe journey.
Troops besieging bandits can be assembled at any time.
Troops who besiege bandits need regular troops to go out.
Teachers who love their schools are always on the front line of teaching.
Love the teachers of the school, love their hard work.
People who miss their hometowns want to go back all the time.
Missing people at home is the mood of every traveler.
The people who defeated the opposition gathered together to celebrate.
Those who defeated the opposition, I believe that justice will prevail.
Discovering the enemy's troops, our army immediately launched an attack.
Discovering the enemy's troops, our army's reconnaissance troops.
I met my friend's teacher and said hello to my friend.
I met my friend's teacher and said hello to her.
Visited my neighbor's parents while bringing many gifts.
Visited my neighbor's parents and thanked my neighbor for taking care of me these days.
Studied books on Spring and Autumn and kept them in the library.
Studying books on Spring and Autumn is helpful to understand that period of history.
Insulting someone's parents is not a good example for children.
Insulting someone's parents is not a polite behavior.
Observe the visitors of the garden and discuss the garden design.
Observe the visitors to the garden, the visitors are in a hurry.
The child who killed the neighbor was only a mere teenager.
The murderer who killed the neighbor's child escaped.
The principals of the five schools got together.
The teachers of the five schools stood with their principal, Principal Wang.
The drummers of two bands were arguing over who was the number one drummer in the band.
The drummers of two bands are arguing about who is the first band.
The tenants of two neighborhoods were discussing, whose neighborhood's house price had risen again.
The tenants of two neighborhoods were discussing, what is the standard of the hospital attached to their neighborhood.
Three factory employees went out to eat and discussed going to their bosses together to increase their wages.
Employees in three factories go out to eat, discussing the treatment (higher) in their respective factories.
Fans of two celebrities here are discussing Jay Chou's concert tonight.
There are fans of two stars over here, arguing about whose work is better, Jay Chou or Cai Xukun.
The leaders of the five colleges are conferring and organizing a five-college reunion.
The leaders of the five colleges are deliberating on how to become the number one college in the school.
On the windowsill is a vase of flowers given by two friends, both of whom are my good friends.
On the windowsill are two vases given by two friends, both of which are very nice.
The China Culture Expo Center encompasses the various cultures of hundreds of countries.
The China Culture Expo Center showcases the cultural development of China over the past thousand years.
An elementary school language teacher is a language teacher in elementary school.
An elementary school language teacher is a teacher who teaches elementary school language.
Taiwan Institute of Chinese Character is located in Taipei and is dedicated to the study of Chinese characters.
The Taiwan Institute of Chinese Characters is dedicated to promoting the development of Chinese characters in mainland China for the study of Taiwan.
Suzhou Auto Expo showcases Suzhou's self-developed automobile brands.
The Suzhou Automobile Exhibition showcases automobile brands from all over the world.
It's great that so many devices were produced in one quarter.
So many devices were produced in one quarter, it's terrible.
The man who repaired the car was in a hurry because he had to drive out again.
The guy fixing the car is in a hurry because the customers keep rushing him.
I can't look at anyone because I don't have any money.
I can't look at anyone because I'm strong.
Mr. Wang has already informed, Mr. Wang will be here soon.
Mr. Wang has informed the students.
The partially damaged instrument is half of the total damaged instrument.
The partially damaged instrument is so completely damaged that it can't be repaired.
Translating novels is not a good job.
It is not a good job to translate novels that are sometimes inferior to the original.
Imported milk powder is not always better than domestic milk powder.
Imported powdered milk requires a company that has been approved by the state to do so.
I can't write this report well because my identity is sensitive.
I can't write this report well, I know you can write it well.
Teachers want students not to send gifts to send blessings on Teachers' Day, the heart is more important than the items.
Teacher's Day teachers hope students don't send gifts to send blessings, nothing is needed.
The two brothers have the same social circle.
What came was a friend of the older brother and the younger brother, and the older brother didn't know the younger brother's friend.
About Lu Xun's article, I only know Kong Yijie.
Many people have written about Lu Xun.
For the teacher's comments, the teacher has received them all.
For the teacher's comments, the students have accepted them with an open mind.
There are many children who like clean children.
There are many people who like clean children.
Little Li tells interesting stories and everyone loves to listen to Little Li.
Little Li said the story was very interesting and Little Li suggested that everyone should listen to it.
He suddenly remembered that he hadn't eaten yet.
He suddenly remembered that he went to eat.
He couldn't imagine that the problem was so simple.
He couldn't imagine that the solution to the question was actually what.
He was a good talker, and everyone felt good with him.
He is such a good talker that he can't stop talking.
He pays back his arrears of $1,000, and he has finally paid off his arrears.
He still owes $1,000 and he plans to pay that $1,000 next year.
A female employee working at this bank and a man are arguing, and the man claims to be the owner of a company.
A female employee working at this bank and a man are arguing because the man cut in line for a bank job.
Being chased by thugs, these thugs saw a fallen police officer.
Being chased were thugs, and this thug ran into a bunch of cops.
It was a doctor who was treating a patient, and this doctor was doing his duty.
It was a doctor who was treating the sick, this doctor had left his job due to illness.
The search is on by the police, who have received a tip from the public that a murderer is in the neighborhood.
It is the policeman who is searching for the murderer. The policeman has disappeared in the course of chasing the murderer.
The search is for the teacher, who wants to know the performance level of the students in his class.
The test is for teachers, who are taking the teacher's qualification exam.
The help was from the hobo, this hobo rushed into the fire and saved many people.
The one who helped was the homeless man, who hadn't eaten for many days.
It was the official who prosecuted, for the official wanted to mitigate his own guilt.
It is the official who prosecutes, the public has long been dissatisfied with this official's corruption.
It is the parents who educate, for they believe that the education of children should not depend entirely on the school.
It is the parents who educate, for they often indulge their children in bad deeds.
It is the child who is deceived because this mother really has no money to buy toys for her child.
It is the child who is deceived because the mother is submissive to the child.
It is the director who is appreciated because this director's movie is good.
It is the director who is appreciated; this director is pleased with the performance of the actors.
Criticize the factory workers because these workers have not been paid for a long time.
Criticize the factory workers because these workers are often lazy.
Check the officials of the township government, this township government has been reported to be corrupt.
Inspecting the officials of the township government in Lane, this township government welcomed the arrival of the superiors.
It's small children who are being scared because it's Halloween.
It's small children who are being scared, because this child cries a lot.
It is the coworker who is congratulated, and this coworker has just been selected as an outstanding talent.
It was a coworker who was congratulated, and this coworker was happy for his new marriage.
Meet a leader who wants to make a good impression on the visiting boss of a large corporation.
Greeting is a leader who is here to inspect the local work.
Fish in two rivers would have evolved in different directions if they had become geographically isolated.
The fish in the two rivers were fished by a fisherman at the same time.
The executives of five educational institutions were meeting and they wanted to share information about the institutions' learners.
The executives of five educational institutions were meeting and they were discussing how the institutions would do this year.
Babies from these four cities have just been born in the same hospital.
The babies in these four cities are located in different cultural and customary backgrounds.
Professors from six colleges are teaching different directions in computers.
Professors in six colleges are teaching different specialties.
Ordinary cashiers in three supermarkets have different salaries.
The ordinary cashiers of the three supermarkets have consecutive job numbers.
The shout-out was to the star, and this star won the best actor award.
Shout out to the star, this fan saw this secret star at the airport.
Boycott the MP in Parliament because this MP feels he has suffered an injustice.
Boycott the MP in Parliament because this MP made an incorrect statement.
The one who likes is his sister, but his sister is not a fan of anyone.
The one who likes his sister, his sister keeps pursuing a him who doesn't like her.
The student's parents were asked to go to a parent-teacher conference where only parents were allowed to be present.
The student's parents were talking about what they thought of each other as arranged by the school.
The TV remote control needs new batteries.
The TV remote control is required to be of the same brand.
The trial is for General Wang, who is guilty of treason.
It was General Wang who tried the criminal and sentenced him to 10 years in prison.
The one who taught was Xiao Li, who taught us this craft hand in hand.
It was Little Li who taught, and I taught him the trade.
What I like is the article, it's so well written.
What I like is the students, students like new things.
Skeptical is Little Li, who is skeptical of anything new.
Skeptical is Li, because Li has been behaving very unusually lately.
The one who supports it is Mr. WONG, who is very much in favor of the motion.
It is Mr. Wong who is supportive and the public voted for him.
The one who is antipathetic is Mr. Lee, whom none of his classmates like.
The one who resented it was Mr. Lee, who hated the behavior very much.
The one who sent troops was Iraq, and the United States sent a large number of troops.
The one who sent troops was Iraq, and Iraq sent a division of troops.
Even he is worried, you do overthink it.
Even he is concerned that this is a very difficult thing to do.
Even I can't believe that this is actually happening.
Even I don't believe it. Who else can you believe?
Abusing the company's employees and being upset with his company.
Insulted the employees of his company, as well as the leaders of his company.
Likes the guys in the north, stays here because of the heat in the north in winter.
Liked the guys in the north because they were very generous.
Bullying Xiao Li's classmates is the same as bullying Xiao Li.
The classmate who bullied Xiao Li was severely criticized by the teacher.
The troops that defeated the rebels needed to send out 100,000 regular troops.
The forces that defeated the rebels have been gathered.
Caring for employees' families is a strong backing for employees.
Caring for employees' families is the best care for employees.
Loving the students of the school is what every principal should do.
Loving the students of the school will always think about the reputation of the school.
Involving Xiao Li's family makes Xiao Li very regretful.
Involving the family of Xiao Li makes Xiao Li very sorry.
Involving the leader's superiors makes the leader very sorry.
Having implicated the leader's superiors, let the leader give himself up directly.
A star who offends the public is no longer a star.
A star who offends the public is attacked by the star's fans.
Troops that besiege bandits can be assembled at any time.
To besiege the troops of bandits is a matter of great urgency.
People who miss their hometowns, I don't want to go back at all times.
People who miss their hometowns will return to their hometowns for the New Year.
The people who defeated the opposition, gathered together to celebrate.
Down with the opposition and their accomplices.
Discovering the enemy's troops, our army immediately launched an attack.
Discovering the enemy's troops, our vanguard.
Observing the pedestrians in the garden, they all looked very happy.
Observing the pedestrians in the garden, the pedestrians were in a hurry.
Concerned was her mother, who personally made porridge to take care of her.
Caring for her mother, her mother is over seventy years old.
Caring for the employees of the enterprise, such employees deserve to be praised.
Caring about the employees of an enterprise, we should upgrade their living and accommodation.
He has written a speech for two hours, which means he has to speak for two hours.
He has written a speech for two hours and he has not yet finished his speech.
This calligraphy competition had masters from two associations coming to be judges, and they each spoke for their associations.
This calligraphy competition had masters from two associations coming to be judges, and they were the core figures of the calligraphy associations.
The respect for him is something that none of us can afford.
The respect for him stems from his noble character.
For his encouragement, I am very grateful.
For his encouragement, it deeply inspired him.
For his doubts, I answered him directly.
Doubts about him spread among people.
For his fears, which stemmed from a lack of understanding.
For his fears, the teacher patiently soothed him.
Residents of two cities were discussing which city would have a better future.
Residents of two cities were discussing, Mayor Wang, who had just taken office.
The leaders of three countries were meeting to discuss the energy policies of their countries.
The leaders of three countries are meeting to discuss their countries' military spending this year.
Participating in the competition are students from three gymnasiums, who all want to win honor for their respective schools.
The competition was attended by students from three gymnasiums who came from the same class.
Players from two teams were practicing in the playground for this year's team championship.
Players from both teams practicing in the playground, their two teams often practice together.
Women who give up beauty are often in pursuit of a more important spiritual world.
Giving up the beautiful woman, this man chose to leave.
The school leader criticized him and held a special seminar.
The school leader's criticism of him was long anticipated.
A group of three of us can be divided into two groups.
The three of us are in a group because we happen to complement each other.
A youth barber store was opened downstairs, specializing in youth haircuts.
A youth barbershop has opened downstairs, and the hairdressers are all youths.
The county notified to report before the 15th, and it won't work if we go on the 15th.
The county notified to report before the 15th, and it only works on the 15th.
I read the newspaper for ten days, one a day.
I read the newspaper for ten days, all in one day.
Three hospital doctors came to the school, the Concord Hospital, the City Hospital and the Provincial Hospital.
Three hospital doctors came to the school, all from Concord Hospital.
He just came to school and didn't know anyone, only knew his deskmate better.
He just came to school, he doesn't know anyone, people don't talk to him.
Call a cab and hurry up. There aren't many people on the road, so it's okay to speed up.
Call the car faster, there are many cars on this side, it's good to call.
The reasonable suggestion of the three workers is a good one.
The reasonable suggestions of the three workers were discussed and passed by the labor union one by one.
The economic loss plus the litigation fee of $4,000 amounted to $8,000.
The economic losses plus the litigation costs of $4,000 were all borne by the driver.
Leave the water for those who come at night. Those who come later are thirsty.
Leave the water for those who come in the evening and can't buy it at night.
I was thirty years old when I met you. I was a child.
I was thirty years old when I met you. You were still a child.
Mom was happy to see me and asked me why I was so happy.
Mom was happy to see me because she hadn't seen me for a long time.
When he criticizes you for doing something wrong, you listen to him.
If he criticizes you for doing something wrong, you haven't done anything wrong.
