Invented by a great scientist.
The invention is a robot.
Care is a high score.
The one who cares is the one who cares about you, but you don't.
Criticized is the student who makes a mistake.
What is being criticized is the teacher who governs harshly.
What is being harvested is the fruit of the orchard.
It is the fruit grower in the orchard who is harvesting.
It is the healthy doctor who is operating.
It is the patient whose life is in danger that is being operated upon.
It is the knowledge that is being taught.
It is the positive professor who is teaching.
It is the law that is being enforced.
It is the bailiff who is executing.
What is being harvested is the rice of the farm.
It is the farmer's children who are harvesting.
What is being managed is the engine room.
What is being managed is the specialized school administrator.
What is being harvested is the prey.
What is being captured is the hunter.
It is the drum that is being beaten.
What is being played is a drummer who has been in the drumming business for decades.
Playing is a dragon.
Playing is Jet Li.
The study is of corporate culture.
The study is of corporate researchers.
The leaps are canyons.
The leap was made by professional athletes.
Discovered is a new ancient civilization.
Discovered is an archaeology professor.
Researching the township's economic development.
Researching the township's economics professor.
Record the form of the experiment.
Record the results of the experiment.
The crocodile that ate the tourists.
Ate the tourist's cat.
Lost his family's cute dog.
The wild dog that bit his family.
Scooped the watermelon with a spoon.
Peeled the watermelon.
Repair the legs of the table.
Repair the hammer of the table.
Tour the presidents of his country.
Tour the sights of another country.
Search the programmer of the program.
Search for the code of the program.
Three stones in a river.
Three rocks in a river.
Two horses in a meadow.
Two horses in the meadow.
Three batteries for toy cars.
Three batteries for toy cars.
Four cameras on the table.
Four table cameras.
Two kitchen knives in the kitchen.
Two kitchen knives from the kitchen.
Four newspaper articles.
Four newspaper articles.
Visited a thousand year old building.
Five hours of visiting ancient buildings.
Picked out ten minutes of wood.
Picked out a thousand years of wood.
Played characters for two minutes.
Played 500-year-old characters.
Wrote five consecutive conference reports.
Wrote 5 consecutive hours of conference reports.
Told 2 hours of history.
Told 1 hundred years of history.
Painted 6 minutes of paintings.
Drew 6 paintings.
Did 5 test papers.
Did 5 minutes of test papers.
Selling fast goods.
Sell expensive goods.
Built fast buildings.
Build huge buildings.
Explore unoccupied areas.
Explore understood areas.
Watch exciting movies.
Watch comfortable movies.
Purchase smooth products.
Procure fragile products.
Research difficult problems.
Study clear problems.
Manipulate convenient machines.
Manipulate important machines.
Imprisoning vicious criminals.
Imprisoning strict criminals.
Hand in the teacher's workbook.
Hand in the red workbook.
Donate library books.
Donate foreign books.
Give a birthday gift to a leader.
Give birthday gifts.
The legs of the blanket and stool are broken.
The sleeves of his clothes and his crutches are dirty.
The computer screen and the chair need to be neatly arranged.
The computer on the table and the couch need to be thrown away.
Security guards and police officers who work at this mall interact outside the building.
The birds and fish in the air are his prey.
The harvest is hard-working farmers.
The harvest is delicious fruit.
Created is a scientist.
Created is a robot.
Cracked down on is theft.
Cracking down is the well-trained SWAT team.
Investigated is this case of corruption.
Investigated is the person who embezzled in this case.
What was missed was this rare opportunity.
Missed are the athletes who have been waiting for their chance for a long time.
The performances are by first-rate actors from the province.
Performed by the Monkey King from Journey to the West.
Launched was a transgenerational cell phone.
Launched is a great company.
The researchers are frontline scientists.
The research is in an internationally emerging field.
The research is on internationally recognized math problems.
The research was conducted by internationally renowned mathematicians specializing in math problems.
The solutions are five internationally recognized math problems.
Solved are five internationally recognized mathematicians.
The cat that killed the landlord.
The killer who killed the landlord.
The studio people who renovated the house.
Renovate the house's studio room.
The overall architecture of the research code.
Study the overall architecture of the code.
Visit the interiors of the Grand Palace.
Visit the interiors of the Grand Palace.
Sanctioning Iran's economy.
Sanction the economic power of Iran.
Developing the country's economic level.
Developing the country's economics experts.
Gangs fighting economic crimes.
Crack down on police who commit economic crimes.
Investigate suspects in major cases.
A criminal police officer who investigates suspects in major cases.
A traveler who likes the process of traveling.
Traveler who likes the process of traveling.
A dress in a cupboard.
A dress in a cupboard.
Monks in three temples.
Three monks in a temple.
Four computers on a desk.
Four computers on desks.
Five cell phones on beds.
Five cell phones on beds.
Six magazine covers.
Six magazine covers.
Seven flowers in potted plants.
Seven flowers in potted plants.
Eight coins in wallets.
Eight coins in a purse.
Nine actors in a movie.
Nine episodes in a movie.
The teacher taught three days of history.
The teacher taught three thousand years of history.
Two days of history plays were performed.
Performed two thousand years of history plays.
Wrote homework for three days.
Wrote three homework.
Sold a ten-year-old car.
Sold a ten-year-old car.
I watched a ten-year-old movie.
I watched a movie a dozen years ago.
Ran a store for a dozen years.
Ran a store for a dozen years.
Once significant turning point in history.
Significant historical turning point.
Buying difficult goods.
Buy cheap goods.
Selling difficult products
Selling cheap and inferior products.
The plot of the drama is wonderful.
A wonderful TV series in the evening.
Feel the pleasant atmosphere.
Enjoying a pleasurable atmosphere.
Study simple problems.
Examining completed questions.
Examine strict examiners.
Examine the lagging students.
The cat that bites the hunter.
The tiger that bites the fox.
Killed the hunter's dog.
Killed the hunter's tiger.
The chocolate that ate the cake.
The kid who ate the cake.
The girl who fell in love with the star.
Fall in love with the star's work.
Misjudged parents' good intentions.
Misjudged the parents of a small child.
Repaired the room's window.
Repaired the room's decorator.
The sharks and tigers in the water are ferocious animals.
He captured the birds and cheetahs in the air inside a photograph.
The harvest was of ripe fruit from the orchard.
Harvesting is a professional fruit farmer in the orchard.
The one who is operating is the most clinically experienced doctor in the hospital.
Surgery is being performed on a patient suffering from a serious disease.
Researching the economy of the township.
Research the economist in the township.
Record the whole process of the experiment.
The biologist who recorded the experiment.
The knife for peeling an apple.
Peel the apple.
Repair the legs of the wooden table.
The saw that repaired the wooden table.
Three school experimenters.
Three school experimenters.
Five pieces of furniture in a house.
Five pieces of furniture in a house.
Ten television sets in the mall.
Ten television sets in the mall.
Six chairs in rooms.
Six chairs in a room.
A visit to the Centennial Palace.
Visited the palace for five minutes.
Wrote homework 2 days in a row.
Wrote homework for 2 consecutive days.
Painted for 4 days.
Painted 4 paintings.
Suspect's scared emotions.
Scenes of the suspect's fear.
Unique food with unique flavors.
Unique food from the north.
Goods that sell quickly.
Expensive goods for sale.
Delicious smelling porridge.
Taste the delicious porridge.
Comfortable sofa.
Choose a comfortable sofa.
Buy and sell cheap goods.
Buy and sell convenient goods.
It's great that he came first in the exam.
It's too good for him to get good grades.
It is this behavior that is encouraged.
Encouragement is for the encourager.
The award is for this heroic behavior.
The award is given to the guest of honor.
The crackdown is on theft.
The crackdown is on the long-trained SWAT team.
The investigation is of this case.
Investigated is the special criminal investigation expert from the province.
The investigation is the large amount of smuggled goods.
The investigation is the police officer who apprehended the smuggled goods.
The research was on internationally renowned mathematical puzzles.
The research was conducted by internationally renowned mathematicians.
Decorating the bedroom of a house.
Workers renovating the house.
Programmers who study code.
Study the details of the code.
Great men who change the whole world.
The pattern of changing the whole world.
The key person who solved this math puzzle.
Part of the solution to this math puzzle.
Investigate the traffic police of a traffic accident.
Investigate the cause of a traffic accident.
The process of liking to travel.
Travelers who like to travel.
Two sets of clothes in a cupboard.
Two sets of clothes in the cupboard.
Three umbrellas on the table.
Three umbrellas on the table.
Four candles on a cake.
Four candles on a cake.
Five winners in a race.
Five winners in a match.
Six rifles in the treasury.
Six rifles from the vault.
Two tickets to a concert.
Tickets to two concerts.
School experience-heavy teachers.
Schools well-equipped teachers.
The army is well equipped with weapons.
The army is well equipped with soldiers.
Explain the problem clearly.
Explain complex problems.
Inherit the development of traditional culture.
Inherit the traditional culture of painting.
Sold the hunter's dog.
Sold the hunter of the dog.
Hurt someone's words.
Hurt someone's feelings.
Touched the parents' child.
Touched the parent's heart.
Ignited an inner flame of vengeance.
Ignited a warm picture inside.
Repaired the room's windows.
The laborer who repaired the room.
The trial was of a judge.
It was a criminal who tried.
The one who taught was my teacher.
The one who taught is a student who loves to learn.
Love the writing of this article.
Love the literary youth of this article.
Listen to the lyrics of moving music.
Listeners who listen to moving music.
Enjoy the moving scenery of the garden.
The visitor who enjoys the garden.
Walking on a space station in space.
Astronauts walking in space.
The destruction is of historical monuments.
The destruction is of unqualified tourists.
Slaughtered are the local protected animals.
Slaughtered by greedy poachers.
Trampling the flowers of the garden.
Trampling the garden's tourists.
Round up the bandits' lair.
Siege the bandits' regular army.
It's the rebels' territory that's being seized.
It's the regular army that's taking over.
Repaired are the car mechanics.
What is repaired are the worn-out cars.
Aid is given to the volunteers who help the poor.
Aid is given to the elderly in poor areas.
Aid is given to the left-behind children in remote areas.
Aid is for enthusiastic volunteers in remote areas.
The prediction is the result of the next match.
The prediction is made by the famous soothsayer over here.
Divining the future fortune.
Divining the future soothsayer.
Calculating the total number of employees' salaries.
The accountant who calculates the salaries of the employees.
The person who created the party.
Creating a party constitution.
The climax of a piece of music.
The pianist playing the piece.
Beethoven in a major key.
Beethoven played.
The campaign is for class president.
The campaign is for class president.
The collection is Han Dynasty artifacts.
The collection was of Han Dynasty artifacts collectors.
The shooting was at a target 100 meters away.
The shooting is professional sniper.
The shooting is hitting the target's ten rings.
The shooting that hits the target.
A river on a plain.
A river on a plain.
Two table lamps in a house.
Two table lamps in a house.
Three bottles of mineral water on a table.
Three tables of mineral water.
Four exam papers.
Four exam papers.
Five pairs of socks in a drawer.
Five drawers of socks.
Six pills in a bottle.
Six pills in a bottle.
Hours of admiring an ancient village.
Admired an ancient village for a couple hundred years.
Took five hours of foreign language courses.
Took five foreign language courses.
I wrote six word posters.
I wrote six days of word posters.
Played a wonderful piece of music.
Played a day of beautiful music.
Checked guns for bullets.
Checked the guns for the police.
The subsidy was for students from poor families.
Subsidized by a state agency.
The teachers of the three examination rooms got together to chat.
The teachers of the three examination rooms got together to chat.
The rescuers are the affected people.
The rescuers are the firemen.
Study the textbook articles.
The students studying the textbooks.
The tall buildings that build the city.
The workers who built the city.
I read the newspaper for ten days.
I read ten newspapers.
Doctors from three hospitals sat together in a meeting.
Doctors from three hospitals sat together in a meeting.
Perform serious programs.
Perform interesting programs.
Learn attentive programs.
Learn simple lessons.
Buy tough embargoed goods.
Buy rare embargoed items.
Sell neighborhood workbooks.
Sell extra workbooks.
Give leadership gifts.
Give adult gifts.
Birds and fish in the sky share a common ancestor.
Clouds and rain are intertwined in the sky.
Teachers and policemen in the school belong to public officials.
Teachers and students at school get along with each other.
Oxygen and water are indispensable in the air.
Oxygen and carbon dioxide are indispensable in the air.
The windows made of glass in the two houses.
Two windows in two houses.
Five questions for the exam.
Three exam questions.
Two book theorems.
Two book theorems.
Four slaughterhouse cows.
Four slaughterhouse cows.
Two pairs of herbal medicines from pharmacies.
Two pharmacies of Chinese medicine.
A book from a bookstore.
Two bookstore books.
Entrapped are the candidates.
What is entrapped is a test paper.
Traded is an ivory.
Trading is two rich men.
Tasting is a wonderful story.
Tasting is a roadside grandpa.
The lecture was on the history of this old building.
The narration is by a very professional tour guide.
The interception is a video.
The interception is of a student who is looking for a picture.
The calculation was a difficult physics question.
The calculation was made by the math representative in our class.
The conductor is an important soccer game.
The conductor is a professional soccer coach.
The leader is a major engineering project.
The leader is the leader of this country.
The competition is for math skills.
The competition is between two math geniuses.
The carver is a carpenter.
The carving was of a piece of marble.
Check the leader of the textbook.
Check the price of the textbook.
Eat the tail of the fish.
The customer who eats the fish.
Discuss the formulas of math.
Discuss the meeting of math.
Wipe the towel of the table.
Wipe the table's legs.
Lose the direction of the road.
Lose the road for the tourists.
Revealing the truth of the mystery.
Record of revealing the truth.
Record of the reality of the scene.
Record the movie of reality.
The veil that covers the face.
Cover the face of pimples.
Explain the solution to the problem.
The teacher who explains the topic.
Retrieve the list of goods.
The leader who retrieves the goods.
Inspect government workers in private companies.
Inspect the functioning of private companies.
Setting the stage for speed.
Build the shiny stage.
Cultivate fine bacteria.
Cultivate fine bacteria.
Approve sloppy documents.
Approve important documents.
Dismantle the slow building.
Demolish the dilapidated building.
