Invented by a great scientist.
The invention is a robot.
Care is a high score.
The one who cares is the one who cares about you, but you don't.
Criticized is the student who makes a mistake.
What is being criticized is the teacher who governs harshly.
What is being harvested is the fruit of the orchard.
It is the fruit grower in the orchard who is harvesting.
It is the healthy doctor who is operating.
It is the patient whose life is in danger that is being operated upon.
It is the knowledge that is being taught.
It is the positive professor who is teaching.
It is the law that is being enforced.
It is the bailiff who is executing.
What is being harvested is the rice of the farm.
It is the farmer's children who are harvesting.
What is being managed is the engine room.
What is being managed is the specialized school administrator.
What is being harvested is the prey.
What is being captured is the hunter.
It is the drum that is being beaten.
What is being played is a drummer who has been in the drumming business for decades.
Playing is a dragon.
Playing is Jet Li.
The study is of corporate culture.
The study is of corporate researchers.
The leaps are canyons.
The leap was made by professional athletes.
Discovered is a new ancient civilization.
Discovered is an archaeology professor.
Researching the township's economic development.
Researching the township's economics professor.
Record the form of the experiment.
Record the results of the experiment.
The crocodile that ate the tourists.
Ate the tourist's cat.
Lost his family's cute dog.
The wild dog that bit his family.
Scooped the watermelon with a spoon.
Peeled the watermelon.
Repair the legs of the table.
Repair the hammer of the table.
Tour the presidents of his country.
Tour the sights of another country.
Search the programmer of the program.
Search for the code of the program.
Three stones in a river.
Three rocks in a river.
Two horses in a meadow.
Two horses in the meadow.
Three batteries for toy cars.
Three batteries for toy cars.
Four cameras on the table.
Four table cameras.
Two kitchen knives in the kitchen.
Two kitchen knives from the kitchen.
Four newspaper articles.
Four newspaper articles.
Visited a thousand year old building.
Five hours of visiting ancient buildings.
Picked out ten minutes of wood.
Picked out a thousand years of wood.
Played characters for two minutes.
Played 500-year-old characters.
Wrote five consecutive conference reports.
Wrote 5 consecutive hours of conference reports.
Told 2 hours of history.
Told 1 hundred years of history.
Painted 6 minutes of paintings.
Drew 6 paintings.
Did 5 test papers.
Did 5 minutes of test papers.
Selling fast goods.
Sell expensive goods.
Built fast buildings.
Build huge buildings.
Explore unoccupied areas.
Explore understood areas.
Watch exciting movies.
Watch comfortable movies.
Purchase smooth products.
Procure fragile products.
Research difficult problems.
Study clear problems.
Manipulate convenient machines.
Manipulate important machines.
Imprisoning vicious criminals.
Imprisoning strict criminals.
Hand in the teacher's workbook.
Hand in the red workbook.
Donate library books.
Donate foreign books.
Give a birthday gift to a leader.
Give birthday gifts.
The legs of the blanket and stool are broken.
The sleeves of his clothes and his crutches are dirty.
The computer screen and the chair need to be neatly arranged.
The computer on the table and the couch need to be thrown away.
Security guards and police officers who work at this mall interact outside the building.
The birds and fish in the air are his prey.
The harvest is hard-working farmers.
The harvest is delicious fruit.
Created is a scientist.
Created is a robot.
Cracked down on is theft.
Cracking down is the well-trained SWAT team.
Investigated is this case of corruption.
Investigated is the person who embezzled in this case.
What was missed was this rare opportunity.
Missed are the athletes who have been waiting for their chance for a long time.
The performances are by first-rate actors from the province.
Performed by the Monkey King from Journey to the West.
Launched was a transgenerational cell phone.
Launched is a great company.
The researchers are frontline scientists.
The research is in an internationally emerging field.
The research is on internationally recognized math problems.
The research was conducted by internationally renowned mathematicians specializing in math problems.
The solutions are five internationally recognized math problems.
Solved are five internationally recognized mathematicians.
The cat that killed the landlord.
The killer who killed the landlord.
The studio people who renovated the house.
Renovate the house's studio room.
The overall architecture of the research code.
Study the overall architecture of the code.
Visit the interiors of the Grand Palace.
Visit the interiors of the Grand Palace.
Sanctioning Iran's economy.
Sanction the economic power of Iran.
Developing the country's economic level.
Developing the country's economics experts.
Gangs fighting economic crimes.
Crack down on police who commit economic crimes.
Investigate suspects in major cases.
A criminal police officer who investigates suspects in major cases.
A traveler who likes the process of traveling.
Traveler who likes the process of traveling.
A dress in a cupboard.
A dress in a cupboard.
Monks in three temples.
Three monks in a temple.
Four computers on a desk.
Four computers on desks.
Five cell phones on beds.
Five cell phones on beds.
Six magazine covers.
Six magazine covers.
Seven flowers in potted plants.
Seven flowers in potted plants.
Eight coins in wallets.
Eight coins in a purse.
Nine actors in a movie.
Nine episodes in a movie.
The teacher taught three days of history.
The teacher taught three thousand years of history.
Two days of history plays were performed.
Performed two thousand years of history plays.
Wrote homework for three days.
Wrote three homework.
Sold a ten-year-old car.
Sold a ten-year-old car.
I watched a ten-year-old movie.
I watched a movie a dozen years ago.
Ran a store for a dozen years.
Ran a store for a dozen years.
Once significant turning point in history.
Significant historical turning point.
Buying difficult goods.
Buy cheap goods.
Selling difficult products
Selling cheap and inferior products.
The plot of the drama is wonderful.
A wonderful TV series in the evening.
Feel the pleasant atmosphere.
Enjoying a pleasurable atmosphere.
Study simple problems.
Examining completed questions.
Examine strict examiners.
Examine the lagging students.
The cat that bites the hunter.
The tiger that bites the fox.
Killed the hunter's dog.
Killed the hunter's tiger.
The chocolate that ate the cake.
The kid who ate the cake.
The girl who fell in love with the star.
Fall in love with the star's work.
Misjudged parents' good intentions.
Misjudged the parents of a small child.
Repaired the room's window.
Repaired the room's decorator.
The sharks and tigers in the water are ferocious animals.
He captured the birds and cheetahs in the air inside a photograph.
The harvest was of ripe fruit from the orchard.
Harvesting is a professional fruit farmer in the orchard.
The one who is operating is the most clinically experienced doctor in the hospital.
Surgery is being performed on a patient suffering from a serious disease.
Researching the economy of the township.
Research the economist in the township.
Record the whole process of the experiment.
The biologist who recorded the experiment.
The knife for peeling an apple.
Peel the apple.
Repair the legs of the wooden table.
The saw that repaired the wooden table.
Three school experimenters.
Three school experimenters.
Five pieces of furniture in a house.
Five pieces of furniture in a house.
Ten television sets in the mall.
Ten television sets in the mall.
Six chairs in rooms.
Six chairs in a room.
A visit to the Centennial Palace.
Visited the palace for five minutes.
Wrote homework 2 days in a row.
Wrote homework for 2 consecutive days.
Painted for 4 days.
Painted 4 paintings.
Suspect's scared emotions.
Scenes of the suspect's fear.
Unique food with unique flavors.
Unique food from the north.
Goods that sell quickly.
Expensive goods for sale.
Delicious smelling porridge.
Taste the delicious porridge.
Comfortable sofa.
Choose a comfortable sofa.
Buy and sell cheap goods.
Buy and sell convenient goods.
It's great that he came first in the exam.
It's too good for him to get good grades.
It is this behavior that is encouraged.
Encouragement is for the encourager.
The award is for this heroic behavior.
The award is given to the guest of honor.
The crackdown is on theft.
The crackdown is on the long-trained SWAT team.
The investigation is of this case.
Investigated is the special criminal investigation expert from the province.
The investigation is the large amount of smuggled goods.
The investigation is the police officer who apprehended the smuggled goods.
The research was on internationally renowned mathematical puzzles.
The research was conducted by internationally renowned mathematicians.
Decorating the bedroom of a house.
Workers renovating the house.
Programmers who study code.
Study the details of the code.
Great men who change the whole world.
The pattern of changing the whole world.
The key person who solved this math puzzle.
Part of the solution to this math puzzle.
Investigate the traffic police of a traffic accident.
Investigate the cause of a traffic accident.
The process of liking to travel.
Travelers who like to travel.
Two sets of clothes in a cupboard.
Two sets of clothes in the cupboard.
Three umbrellas on the table.
Three umbrellas on the table.
Four candles on a cake.
Four candles on a cake.
Five winners in a race.
Five winners in a match.
Six rifles in the treasury.
Six rifles from the vault.
Two tickets to a concert.
Tickets to two concerts.
School experience-heavy teachers.
Schools well-equipped teachers.
The army is well equipped with weapons.
The army is well equipped with soldiers.
Explain the problem clearly.
Explain complex problems.
Inherit the development of traditional culture.
Inherit the traditional culture of painting.
Sold the hunter's dog.
Sold the hunter of the dog.
Hurt someone's words.
Hurt someone's feelings.
Touched the parents' child.
Touched the parent's heart.
Ignited an inner flame of vengeance.
Ignited a warm picture inside.
Repaired the room's windows.
The laborer who repaired the room.
The trial was of a judge.
It was a criminal who tried.
The one who taught was my teacher.
The one who taught is a student who loves to learn.
Love the writing of this article.
Love the literary youth of this article.
Listen to the lyrics of moving music.
Listeners who listen to moving music.
Enjoy the moving scenery of the garden.
The visitor who enjoys the garden.
Walking on a space station in space.
Astronauts walking in space.
The destruction is of historical monuments.
The destruction is of unqualified tourists.
Slaughtered are the local protected animals.
Slaughtered by greedy poachers.
Trampling the flowers of the garden.
Trampling the garden's tourists.
Round up the bandits' lair.
Siege the bandits' regular army.
It's the rebels' territory that's being seized.
It's the regular army that's taking over.
Repaired are the car mechanics.
What is repaired are the worn-out cars.
Aid is given to the volunteers who help the poor.
Aid is given to the elderly in poor areas.
Aid is given to the left-behind children in remote areas.
Aid is for enthusiastic volunteers in remote areas.
The prediction is the result of the next match.
The prediction is made by the famous soothsayer over here.
Divining the future fortune.
Divining the future soothsayer.
Calculating the total number of employees' salaries.
The accountant who calculates the salaries of the employees.
The person who created the party.
Creating a party constitution.
The climax of a piece of music.
The pianist playing the piece.
Beethoven in a major key.
Beethoven played.
The campaign is for class president.
The campaign is for class president.
The collection is Han Dynasty artifacts.
The collection was of Han Dynasty artifacts collectors.
The shooting was at a target 100 meters away.
The shooting is professional sniper.
The shooting is hitting the target's ten rings.
The shooting that hits the target.
A river on a plain.
A river on a plain.
Two table lamps in a house.
Two table lamps in a house.
Three bottles of mineral water on a table.
Three tables of mineral water.
Four exam papers.
Four exam papers.
Five pairs of socks in a drawer.
Five drawers of socks.
Six pills in a bottle.
Six pills in a bottle.
Hours of admiring an ancient village.
Admired an ancient village for a couple hundred years.
Took five hours of foreign language courses.
Took five foreign language courses.
I wrote six word posters.
I wrote six days of word posters.
Played a wonderful piece of music.
Played a day of beautiful music.
Checked guns for bullets.
Checked the guns for the police.
The subsidy was for students from poor families.
Subsidized by a state agency.
The teachers of the three examination rooms got together to chat.
The teachers of the three examination rooms got together to chat.
The rescuers are the affected people.
The rescuers are the firemen.
Study the textbook articles.
The students studying the textbooks.
The tall buildings that build the city.
The workers who built the city.
I read the newspaper for ten days.
I read ten newspapers.
Doctors from three hospitals sat together in a meeting.
Doctors from three hospitals sat together in a meeting.
Perform serious programs.
Perform interesting programs.
Learn attentive programs.
Learn simple lessons.
Buy tough embargoed goods.
Buy rare embargoed items.
Sell neighborhood workbooks.
Sell extra workbooks.
Give leadership gifts.
Give adult gifts.
Birds and fish in the sky share a common ancestor.
Clouds and rain are intertwined in the sky.
Teachers and policemen in the school belong to public officials.
Teachers and students at school get along with each other.
Oxygen and water are indispensable in the air.
Oxygen and carbon dioxide are indispensable in the air.
The windows made of glass in the two houses.
Two windows in two houses.
Five questions for the exam.
Three exam questions.
Two book theorems.
Two book theorems.
Four slaughterhouse cows.
Four slaughterhouse cows.
Two pairs of herbal medicines from pharmacies.
Two pharmacies of Chinese medicine.
A book from a bookstore.
Two bookstore books.
Entrapped are the candidates.
What is entrapped is a test paper.
Traded is an ivory.
Trading is two rich men.
Tasting is a wonderful story.
Tasting is a roadside grandpa.
The lecture was on the history of this old building.
The narration is by a very professional tour guide.
The interception is a video.
The interception is of a student who is looking for a picture.
The calculation was a difficult physics question.
The calculation was made by the math representative in our class.
The conductor is an important soccer game.
The conductor is a professional soccer coach.
The leader is a major engineering project.
The leader is the leader of this country.
The competition is for math skills.
The competition is between two math geniuses.
The carver is a carpenter.
The carving was of a piece of marble.
Check the leader of the textbook.
Check the price of the textbook.
Eat the tail of the fish.
The customer who eats the fish.
Discuss the formulas of math.
Discuss the meeting of math.
Wipe the towel of the table.
Wipe the table's legs.
Lose the direction of the road.
Lose the road for the tourists.
Revealing the truth of the mystery.
Record of revealing the truth.
Record of the reality of the scene.
Record the movie of reality.
The veil that covers the face.
Cover the face of pimples.
Explain the solution to the problem.
The teacher who explains the topic.
Retrieve the list of goods.
The leader who retrieves the goods.
Inspect government workers in private companies.
Inspect the functioning of private companies.
Setting the stage for speed.
Build the shiny stage.
Cultivate fine bacteria.
Cultivate fine bacteria.
Approve sloppy documents.
Approve important documents.
Dismantle the slow building.
Demolish the dilapidated building.
When the earthquake hit China, it was China that aided.
When the earthquake hit Japan, it was China that assisted.
It is the government that opposes. This corrupt government does not support mass rallies.
It is the government that opposes. The masses demand reforms from this corrupt government.
It is the tiger that hunts, and the tiger's numbers are decreasing dramatically.
It is the tiger that hunts. It chases the antelope very fast.
It is the divisional officers who are ordered. The divisional officers have been asked to meet this morning.
It was the divisional officers who ordered it. The brigades under the division were asked to assemble immediately.
It is the wife who is worried. The husband has not been heard from for a long time.
The concern is for the wife, who doesn't know if she will be able to shoulder the whole family after I leave.
The concern was for her mother, who had boiled porridge for her sick mother.
The one who is concerned is her mother, who is sick and needs to be taken care of.
The one who is against it is Mr. Wang. Mr. Wang does not support this teaching program.
It is Mr. Wang who is against it. The others think Mr. Wang's proposal is inappropriate.
Even the children don't believe it. The whole thing is too fake.
Even the child doesn't believe it,because he is paranoid.
The chicken doesn't eat it because the chicken has eaten too much already.
The chicken isn't eating because it's been eating chickens lately and it's getting tired of it.
Xiao Yang wasn't found. It's been an afternoon since I've seen Xiao Yang.
Xiao Yang was not found, Xiao Yang felt cursed.
When Liu Hezhen was killed, it was Lu Xun's article that was criticized.
This person made a big fuss and criticized Lu Xun's articles.
It was the students who investigated because these students were eyewitnesses to the incident.
It was the students who investigated because these students had to complete the homework assigned by their teachers.
The mother who takes care of her child, this woman is always by her child's side when he is sick.
The mom who took care of her child, who needed to be well taken care of after giving birth.
Respect the student's teacher, this is what every student's parent should do.
Respect the teacher of the students who always takes their advice.
Care for the employees of the business, these employees often work for the greater good of the business.
Caring for the employees of the business, the boss needs to upgrade their living accommodations.
Having discovered an enemy sentry, this sentry needs to report the enemy situation immediately.
Having discovered the enemy's sentry, the enemy's sentry must not be allowed to escape.
Love the girls in Shanghai because the girls there are fashion conscious.
Like the girls in Shanghai because Shanghai is a prosperous city.
Implicated the Secretary's female secretary, because the female secretary's violation of the law led to the Secretary being held accountable.
Implicated the Secretary's female secretary, because the Secretary's violation of the law led to the Secretary being held accountable.
It's getting close to final exams and you need to review a semester's worth of homework.
No new knowledge will be taught this semester and a semester's worth of homework needs to be reviewed.
Hating the mother's daughter, this mother's son doesn't like his sister.
Hates her mother's daughter, this mother's daughter doesn't have a good relationship with her mother.
Knocked over his brother's bike, his brother was angry about his bike being knocked over.
Knocked over his brother's bike, luckily the brother was not hurt.
Because they had to travel for many days, they prepared dry food for one day.
Because they only had to travel for one day, they prepared a day's worth of dry food.
Research articles on Lu Xun usually write about Lu Xun's birth and death.
Researching Lu Xun's essay is a must for the study of modern literature.
Defeating the enemy forces, this force was welcomed by the people upon their return.
Defeating the enemy's troops, further pursuit is needed.
The father of the child was scolded because the child did not do well in the exam.
Scold the child's father because this father betrayed the marriage.
Please show me the research material.
Research material is a must for every researcher.
Imported food is higher in selling price.
Imported food is not allowed by the policy of this country.
Research materials have to be turned in before the deadline.
Research materials sometimes require more than one person to work together.
She had her baby last year and she is now almost one year old.
She had her baby last year and her baby is almost 1 year old.
Rental cars are being squeezed out of existence by online taxi services.
Rental cars are growing into a new big market.
He was injured while playing soccer on campus, so please take him to the school hospital immediately.
School hospitals are the two most crowded public places.
Literary language is two closely related liberal arts majors.
Literary language is the language used in literature.
Biological history, one is science-oriented and the other is liberal arts.
Biological history refers to the history of biology.
Other national matters wait for the next national meeting.
Matters of other countries will be discussed when the next international conference is held.
Ancient war fiction refers to fiction about ancient wars.
Ancient war novels refers to war novels written in ancient times.
African language studies refers to the specialized study of African languages.
African Language Studies is a language institute established in Africa.
New Faculty Dormitory is a dormitory dedicated to new faculty members.
The New Faculty Dormitory is a new faculty dormitory at the university.
He has had this car for five years and he wants to buy a new license plate.
This car of his is newly bought and he wants to buy a new automobile license plate.
A university English teacher is a teacher who teaches English at a university.
A university English teacher refers to a teacher who teaches English at a university.
The leaders of the two schools spoke at the same commencement ceremony one after the other.
The leaders of the two schools signed an agreement for mutual cooperation between their schools.
There were three kindergarteners and a total of six children playing in the park.
There were three kindergarteners in the park who were in the same class.
There were MPs from both parties in the office who attacked each other's party views.
There are two party MPs in the office who are running for party chairman.
Three factory workers were drinking together and ordered a total of three bottles of wine per person.
Three factory workers were drinking together and ordered a total of 10 bottles of wine from one bottle each.
There are five hospital doctors in this building and they are discussing the cooperation of their respective departments in the hospital.
There are five hospital doctors in this building who are discussing cooperation in their respective hospitals.
The players of the two teams have been good friends with each other since childhood.
The players of the two teams put on a great game for the audience at the stadium.
The waiters of several restaurants in front of the hotels were arguing about trying to get customers to their respective hotels.
A couple of hotel waiters in front of a hotel were chatting because there were no customers.
On the chair is a vase of flowers given to him by two friends who pooled their money to buy the vase.
On the chairs were vases from two friends, which were purchased with pooled funds by three of his friends.
For his help, everyone thanked him.
For his help, he returned the favor in kind.
He looked at cats in 3 pet stores and finally decided on the middle one to buy a cat.
He looked at cats from 3 pet stores and finally decided on the cutest cat in the middle one.
Police from 2 cities signed an agreement on cross-city cooperation in fighting crime.
Police officers from the 2 cities are patrolling the streets.
Xiao Ming was greatly encouraged by the encouragement of the teachers.
Subsidies were given to the teachers and the encouragement was given to the teachers.
As the teachers are attentive in class, the commendation is given to the teachers.
It was the teachers who were commended for the seriousness of their lessons.
It was his father who performed the operation because his father was a doctor.
It was his father who performed the operation because his father was seriously ill.
I took this photo last year when my photography skills were very good.
This is a photo I took last year. It is a good selfie.
The investigation was conducted by provincial officials, and it alerted the Central Government.
The investigation was conducted by provincial officials who were very dissatisfied with the situation in the cities.
The performance was by Jay Chou, who sang a hit song.
The performance was by Jay Chou, a master mimic who is very good at imitating famous singers.
Subsidized by high-tech companies, this is the government's policy.
It is the high-tech companies that are subsidized, and the users can gain a lot.
It is the Iraqi government that is protesting, and the people are very unhappy with it.
It is the Iraqi government that is protesting, and they strongly condemn the United States.
The strikes are against U.S. military units, and the White House is very angry about it.
The strikes were by U.S. military forces, who carried out air strikes on ground targets.
The send-off was Mr. Wang, and the students were very sad.
The send-off was Mr. Wang, who wished his classmates a safe journey.
Troops besieging bandits can be assembled at any time.
Troops who besiege bandits need regular troops to go out.
Teachers who love their schools are always on the front line of teaching.
Love the teachers of the school, love their hard work.
People who miss their hometowns want to go back all the time.
Missing people at home is the mood of every traveler.
The people who defeated the opposition gathered together to celebrate.
Those who defeated the opposition, I believe that justice will prevail.
Discovering the enemy's troops, our army immediately launched an attack.
Discovering the enemy's troops, our army's reconnaissance troops.
I met my friend's teacher and said hello to my friend.
I met my friend's teacher and said hello to her.
Visited my neighbor's parents while bringing many gifts.
Visited my neighbor's parents and thanked my neighbor for taking care of me these days.
Studied books on Spring and Autumn and kept them in the library.
Studying books on Spring and Autumn is helpful to understand that period of history.
Insulting someone's parents is not a good example for children.
Insulting someone's parents is not a polite behavior.
Observe the visitors of the garden and discuss the garden design.
Observe the visitors to the garden, the visitors are in a hurry.
The child who killed the neighbor was only a mere teenager.
The murderer who killed the neighbor's child escaped.
The principals of the five schools got together.
The teachers of the five schools stood with their principal, Principal Wang.
The drummers of two bands were arguing over who was the number one drummer in the band.
The drummers of two bands are arguing about who is the first band.
The tenants of two neighborhoods were discussing, whose neighborhood's house price had risen again.
The tenants of two neighborhoods were discussing, what is the standard of the hospital attached to their neighborhood.
Three factory employees went out to eat and discussed going to their bosses together to increase their wages.
Employees in three factories go out to eat, discussing the treatment (higher) in their respective factories.
Fans of two celebrities here are discussing Jay Chou's concert tonight.
There are fans of two stars over here, arguing about whose work is better, Jay Chou or Cai Xukun.
The leaders of the five colleges are conferring and organizing a five-college reunion.
The leaders of the five colleges are deliberating on how to become the number one college in the school.
On the windowsill is a vase of flowers given by two friends, both of whom are my good friends.
On the windowsill are two vases given by two friends, both of which are very nice.
The China Culture Expo Center encompasses the various cultures of hundreds of countries.
The China Culture Expo Center showcases the cultural development of China over the past thousand years.
An elementary school language teacher is a language teacher in elementary school.
An elementary school language teacher is a teacher who teaches elementary school language.
Taiwan Institute of Chinese Character is located in Taipei and is dedicated to the study of Chinese characters.
The Taiwan Institute of Chinese Characters is dedicated to promoting the development of Chinese characters in mainland China for the study of Taiwan.
Suzhou Auto Expo showcases Suzhou's self-developed automobile brands.
The Suzhou Automobile Exhibition showcases automobile brands from all over the world.
It's great that so many devices were produced in one quarter.
So many devices were produced in one quarter, it's terrible.
The man who repaired the car was in a hurry because he had to drive out again.
The guy fixing the car is in a hurry because the customers keep rushing him.
I can't look at anyone because I don't have any money.
I can't look at anyone because I'm strong.
Mr. Wang has already informed, Mr. Wang will be here soon.
Mr. Wang has informed the students.
The partially damaged instrument is half of the total damaged instrument.
The partially damaged instrument is so completely damaged that it can't be repaired.
Translating novels is not a good job.
It is not a good job to translate novels that are sometimes inferior to the original.
Imported milk powder is not always better than domestic milk powder.
Imported powdered milk requires a company that has been approved by the state to do so.
I can't write this report well because my identity is sensitive.
I can't write this report well, I know you can write it well.
Teachers want students not to send gifts to send blessings on Teachers' Day, the heart is more important than the items.
Teacher's Day teachers hope students don't send gifts to send blessings, nothing is needed.
The two brothers have the same social circle.
What came was a friend of the older brother and the younger brother, and the older brother didn't know the younger brother's friend.
About Lu Xun's article, I only know Kong Yijie.
Many people have written about Lu Xun.
For the teacher's comments, the teacher has received them all.
For the teacher's comments, the students have accepted them with an open mind.
There are many children who like clean children.
There are many people who like clean children.
Little Li tells interesting stories and everyone loves to listen to Little Li.
Little Li said the story was very interesting and Little Li suggested that everyone should listen to it.
He suddenly remembered that he hadn't eaten yet.
He suddenly remembered that he went to eat.
He couldn't imagine that the problem was so simple.
He couldn't imagine that the solution to the question was actually what.
He was a good talker, and everyone felt good with him.
He is such a good talker that he can't stop talking.
He pays back his arrears of $1,000, and he has finally paid off his arrears.
He still owes $1,000 and he plans to pay that $1,000 next year.
A female employee working at this bank and a man are arguing, and the man claims to be the owner of a company.
A female employee working at this bank and a man are arguing because the man cut in line for a bank job.
Being chased by thugs, these thugs saw a fallen police officer.
Being chased were thugs, and this thug ran into a bunch of cops.
It was a doctor who was treating a patient, and this doctor was doing his duty.
It was a doctor who was treating the sick, this doctor had left his job due to illness.
The search is on by the police, who have received a tip from the public that a murderer is in the neighborhood.
It is the policeman who is searching for the murderer. The policeman has disappeared in the course of chasing the murderer.
The search is for the teacher, who wants to know the performance level of the students in his class.
The test is for teachers, who are taking the teacher's qualification exam.
The help was from the hobo, this hobo rushed into the fire and saved many people.
The one who helped was the homeless man, who hadn't eaten for many days.
It was the official who prosecuted, for the official wanted to mitigate his own guilt.
It is the official who prosecutes, the public has long been dissatisfied with this official's corruption.
It is the parents who educate, for they believe that the education of children should not depend entirely on the school.
It is the parents who educate, for they often indulge their children in bad deeds.
It is the child who is deceived because this mother really has no money to buy toys for her child.
It is the child who is deceived because the mother is submissive to the child.
It is the director who is appreciated because this director's movie is good.
It is the director who is appreciated; this director is pleased with the performance of the actors.
Criticize the factory workers because these workers have not been paid for a long time.
Criticize the factory workers because these workers are often lazy.
Check the officials of the township government, this township government has been reported to be corrupt.
Inspecting the officials of the township government in Lane, this township government welcomed the arrival of the superiors.
It's small children who are being scared because it's Halloween.
It's small children who are being scared, because this child cries a lot.
It is the coworker who is congratulated, and this coworker has just been selected as an outstanding talent.
It was a coworker who was congratulated, and this coworker was happy for his new marriage.
Meet a leader who wants to make a good impression on the visiting boss of a large corporation.
Greeting is a leader who is here to inspect the local work.
Fish in two rivers would have evolved in different directions if they had become geographically isolated.
The fish in the two rivers were fished by a fisherman at the same time.
The executives of five educational institutions were meeting and they wanted to share information about the institutions' learners.
The executives of five educational institutions were meeting and they were discussing how the institutions would do this year.
Babies from these four cities have just been born in the same hospital.
The babies in these four cities are located in different cultural and customary backgrounds.
Professors from six colleges are teaching different directions in computers.
Professors in six colleges are teaching different specialties.
Ordinary cashiers in three supermarkets have different salaries.
The ordinary cashiers of the three supermarkets have consecutive job numbers.
The shout-out was to the star, and this star won the best actor award.
Shout out to the star, this fan saw this secret star at the airport.
Boycott the MP in Parliament because this MP feels he has suffered an injustice.
Boycott the MP in Parliament because this MP made an incorrect statement.
The one who likes is his sister, but his sister is not a fan of anyone.
The one who likes his sister, his sister keeps pursuing a him who doesn't like her.
The student's parents were asked to go to a parent-teacher conference where only parents were allowed to be present.
The student's parents were talking about what they thought of each other as arranged by the school.
The TV remote control needs new batteries.
The TV remote control is required to be of the same brand.
The trial is for General Wang, who is guilty of treason.
It was General Wang who tried the criminal and sentenced him to 10 years in prison.
The one who taught was Xiao Li, who taught us this craft hand in hand.
It was Little Li who taught, and I taught him the trade.
What I like is the article, it's so well written.
What I like is the students, students like new things.
Skeptical is Little Li, who is skeptical of anything new.
Skeptical is Li, because Li has been behaving very unusually lately.
The one who supports it is Mr. WONG, who is very much in favor of the motion.
It is Mr. Wong who is supportive and the public voted for him.
The one who is antipathetic is Mr. Lee, whom none of his classmates like.
The one who resented it was Mr. Lee, who hated the behavior very much.
The one who sent troops was Iraq, and the United States sent a large number of troops.
The one who sent troops was Iraq, and Iraq sent a division of troops.
Even he is worried, you do overthink it.
Even he is concerned that this is a very difficult thing to do.
Even I can't believe that this is actually happening.
Even I don't believe it. Who else can you believe?
Abusing the company's employees and being upset with his company.
Insulted the employees of his company, as well as the leaders of his company.
Likes the guys in the north, stays here because of the heat in the north in winter.
Liked the guys in the north because they were very generous.
Bullying Xiao Li's classmates is the same as bullying Xiao Li.
The classmate who bullied Xiao Li was severely criticized by the teacher.
The troops that defeated the rebels needed to send out 100,000 regular troops.
The forces that defeated the rebels have been gathered.
Caring for employees' families is a strong backing for employees.
Caring for employees' families is the best care for employees.
Loving the students of the school is what every principal should do.
Loving the students of the school will always think about the reputation of the school.
Involving Xiao Li's family makes Xiao Li very regretful.
Involving the family of Xiao Li makes Xiao Li very sorry.
Involving the leader's superiors makes the leader very sorry.
Having implicated the leader's superiors, let the leader give himself up directly.
A star who offends the public is no longer a star.
A star who offends the public is attacked by the star's fans.
Troops that besiege bandits can be assembled at any time.
To besiege the troops of bandits is a matter of great urgency.
People who miss their hometowns, I don't want to go back at all times.
People who miss their hometowns will return to their hometowns for the New Year.
The people who defeated the opposition, gathered together to celebrate.
Down with the opposition and their accomplices.
Discovering the enemy's troops, our army immediately launched an attack.
Discovering the enemy's troops, our vanguard.
Observing the pedestrians in the garden, they all looked very happy.
Observing the pedestrians in the garden, the pedestrians were in a hurry.
Concerned was her mother, who personally made porridge to take care of her.
Caring for her mother, her mother is over seventy years old.
Caring for the employees of the enterprise, such employees deserve to be praised.
Caring about the employees of an enterprise, we should upgrade their living and accommodation.
He has written a speech for two hours, which means he has to speak for two hours.
He has written a speech for two hours and he has not yet finished his speech.
This calligraphy competition had masters from two associations coming to be judges, and they each spoke for their associations.
This calligraphy competition had masters from two associations coming to be judges, and they were the core figures of the calligraphy associations.
The respect for him is something that none of us can afford.
The respect for him stems from his noble character.
For his encouragement, I am very grateful.
For his encouragement, it deeply inspired him.
For his doubts, I answered him directly.
Doubts about him spread among people.
For his fears, which stemmed from a lack of understanding.
For his fears, the teacher patiently soothed him.
Residents of two cities were discussing which city would have a better future.
Residents of two cities were discussing, Mayor Wang, who had just taken office.
The leaders of three countries were meeting to discuss the energy policies of their countries.
The leaders of three countries are meeting to discuss their countries' military spending this year.
Participating in the competition are students from three gymnasiums, who all want to win honor for their respective schools.
The competition was attended by students from three gymnasiums who came from the same class.
Players from two teams were practicing in the playground for this year's team championship.
Players from both teams practicing in the playground, their two teams often practice together.
Women who give up beauty are often in pursuit of a more important spiritual world.
Giving up the beautiful woman, this man chose to leave.
The school leader criticized him and held a special seminar.
The school leader's criticism of him was long anticipated.
A group of three of us can be divided into two groups.
The three of us are in a group because we happen to complement each other.
A youth barber store was opened downstairs, specializing in youth haircuts.
A youth barbershop has opened downstairs, and the hairdressers are all youths.
The county notified to report before the 15th, and it won't work if we go on the 15th.
The county notified to report before the 15th, and it only works on the 15th.
I read the newspaper for ten days, one a day.
I read the newspaper for ten days, all in one day.
Three hospital doctors came to the school, the Concord Hospital, the City Hospital and the Provincial Hospital.
Three hospital doctors came to the school, all from Concord Hospital.
He just came to school and didn't know anyone, only knew his deskmate better.
He just came to school, he doesn't know anyone, people don't talk to him.
Call a cab and hurry up. There aren't many people on the road, so it's okay to speed up.
Call the car faster, there are many cars on this side, it's good to call.
The reasonable suggestion of the three workers is a good one.
The reasonable suggestions of the three workers were discussed and passed by the labor union one by one.
The economic loss plus the litigation fee of $4,000 amounted to $8,000.
The economic losses plus the litigation costs of $4,000 were all borne by the driver.
Leave the water for those who come at night. Those who come later are thirsty.
Leave the water for those who come in the evening and can't buy it at night.
I was thirty years old when I met you. I was a child.
I was thirty years old when I met you. You were still a child.
Mom was happy to see me and asked me why I was so happy.
Mom was happy to see me because she hadn't seen me for a long time.
When he criticizes you for doing something wrong, you listen to him.
If he criticizes you for doing something wrong, you haven't done anything wrong.
He wanted to pull the same village cadres together to go down to the water to sell drugs.
After school these students made a date to go down to the reservoir together.
Eat an enemy division.
He likes apples.
I haven't been given housing till now, so I have to roam around at night.
Our troops went around guerrilla attacking the enemy.
In the nineties, many people went to sea to do business.
The fishermen at the coast make a living by going down to the sea.
He's such a rotten piece of wood.
There's some rotten wood caught in the material of this furniture.
He is a man who loves to lose things.
He loves to wear red.
The police have installed a few people here.
The train station has installed automatic ticket checkers.
The flood season is over and the rivers are at peace.
The country is at peace so that construction can be done.
His crime is not enough for an administrative warning.
If you commit a crime, you have to be punished by law.
He received an order to pluck the enemy's guard tower.
Two pulls with a fire pot will ease the pain.
A few people from the security section keep the door extra tight, no one can take public property out of the factory privately.
Too much talk is too much. Keep your mouth shut.
I gave him a blank look.
A trip for nothing.
He's good at riddles.
He's a sharpshooter. He's a hundred percent.
Your mouth is too fast.
He has a big mouth.
Our country has its own national conditions. It's not possible to follow other people's management methods.
Move the flower pots to the balcony.
He has a stern face and looks angry.
The ground is too flat to plow.
In those days, foreign students had to live in the preparatory school for a year.
My family lived on a high loess slope.
The ground wasn't thin.
The shelf lattice is too thin to bear the pressure of the books.
The ministers are preparing to play a sangha.
A group of students is playing the national anthem.
A bullet reimburses an enemy.
The wrenches are to be reimbursed to the factory for a new one.
Rationalize work and study.
Actions are governed by thoughts.
The children in this room need to be fixed.
This bicycle needs fixing.
He quoted ancient texts several times in his essay.
He excels in invoking undiscovered talent.
He forced his parents to buy a piano.
The army has forced its way to the outskirts of the city.
Than made clothes out of his body.
This year is not like previous years.
A walk after dinner is compulsory for him.
Modern Chinese is compulsory for us.
The chain and cogs bit the dust.
You have to tell the truth and not bite others.
We will never let our country's rivers and mountains change color.
This advertising pigment is of good quality and does not change color.
In this National Games, our province sent four hundred players to fight.
After the Huaihai Battle, the PLA troops involved in the battle totaled about half a million.
He dismounted and signaled to the audience.
This project has been dismounted.
This engineer is a big straw bale.
The director used a straw bale as a grain sack.
If you don't pay attention, you can't cure learning.
He was cured of foot odor.
These soldiers have copied the house twice.
He who didn't come to class yesterday is copying his notes.
He broke into the business world naked and is now the chairman of a company.
The model is naked and is dedicating herself to art.
The watch this man was wearing went three minutes.
The man walked for three minutes.
Please string these two sentences together.
He is stringing the streets of this beautiful city.
Spring is in the breasts of the two young men.
Spring is in the air.
The cat is scurrying all over the place.
The river scurries up higher than the bridge.
He is hitting a telegram that the army desperately needs to receive.
He is hitting the one he hates.
This street is full of stores that can be used as jewelry.
He doesn't make a big deal out of it.
That woman poured feces out of her mouth.
In residential areas without sanitary facilities, residents pour manure into a designated manure truck every morning.
A road was drawn under his name.
There's no road ahead, so where are you going?
This store uses inferior goods to top up the genuine ones.
The store has already topped out.
Once he's in the exam room, he'll be furious.
When things don't go his way, he gets angry.
The Director's bribery case finally flipped recently.
The road surface in this area is very easy to roll over.
His hobby is drilling books.
Drilling a hole in the wall.
Selling bourgeois spiritual opium.
Selling drugs.
Hearing his comforting words, a warm current rushed through my heart.
This warm current brings rich food resources to this ocean.
His words were practically an auction of youth.
His paintings were auctioned for $10,000 dollars.
Banks work fat.
This dress is fat.
Boiling mass movement scene.
Boiling soup.
Comrades of the investigation team distribute various places.
Comrades of the investigation team distribute labor supplies .
Please don't distract yourself from handing out leaflets.
Please distract yourself from the leaflets in your hands.
The wind and rain have been good this year, so the farmers must have a good fall scenery.
The fall scenery in this tourist city is good.
Spy on the sound of the wind.
Listening to the wind outside the window, he didn't sleep all night.
This medicine is served with warm water.
Don't press people with power, but convince them with reason.
He's an old man.
He has been living in the jungle since he was fourteen years old.
He has floated in the official world several times and is very experienced.
The boat floats and sinks on the sea with the huge waves.
What these construction workers are building is a mall dedicated to selling quilts.
He sleeps with only a blanket on these cold days.
The teacher drew many bars in his composition book.
He is holding a long bar in his hand.
When he sings a song in a high key, he can't top his voice.
What he was saying was pretty high-pitched, but it wasn't easy to do.
His writing program ran aground.
The freighter had run aground and would have to find a way to transport it by land.
The main force has launched an assault on the enemy's buildings.
After two years of attack, the technical problem has finally been solved.
This artifact is not yet known to be an antique of any year.
Those who have interacted with him think that this man is an antique.
The wipers on the car are scraping the glass.
This little couple often scrapes their parents.
His heart is still hung up on the factory.
The moon is hanging in the sky.
It's so hard to do things. Any one of the joints can get stuck.
Whenever it rains, she feels sore joints all over her body.
I'm so used to getting up early that I don't feel comfortable sleeping in.
In some families nowadays, children are often spoiled.
He does things he shouldn't and has a ghost in his heart.
The parents of the family often scare the child with stories about ghosts.
For this matter, he has a plan in his heart.
A beam of light passing through a prism creates a spectrum.
Weeds run rampant.
Car accidents were rampant.
He got a lot of famous wine through the back door.
There is a small pond not far from the back door.
Ding Laohan's hand is so extinct that even his daughter doesn't know how to do it.
This family is all extinct, there's no one left.
Kindergarten teachers carefully cultivate the flowers of the motherland.
Even the most colorful flowers have their time to fade.
The company recruited a few vases that were specially designed for entertaining guests.
A beautiful vase was placed in the unoccupied living room.
The landslides of the large area of the mountain caused by the heavy rains drew the government's attention.
The number of trees collected by this factory had been slipping, resulting in consistently low production.
He is coming home to the letter he wrote to him.
He is taking the bus home.
He went back to the furnace last year and wants to go to college again.
This scrap copper needs to go back to the furnace.
Three months after inspecting this place, the disciplinary committee gave a return.
On the battlefield he gave the enemy a comeback.
He shouted into the valley and received only echoes.
He rang the doorbell half a dozen times and received no echo from the house.
His speech reeked of gunpowder.
The battlefield was full of gunpowder.
A good piece of work is hammered many times.
Good steel is hammered many times.
The child is already working very hard to prepare for the college entrance exam, so don't warm him up.
Cold rice is best served warmed up.
This guy is too bulky to hold.
This guy is not harboring good intentions.
Plans must be made with appropriate and reasonable measures so that they are not overhead.
This house is elevated, five feet off the ground.
You have to build a shelf for a novel before you write it.
He has a large shelf of books in his house.
Watermelon is cheap this year.
He is just cheap as a person.
What is sold in the second-hand market is usually cheap.
He, for one, is a cheap bastard.
He was going to order four dishes.
The patient's mouth is calling his wife's name.
This husband and wife are catching fire in the house again because of their child.
This trooper caught fire with the enemy while walking.
This shoelace took him only ten seconds to solve.
This math problem is very difficult to solve.
The ringing of the telephone cut off his words.
This big tree was cut off in the middle.
He sold his friend for profit.
He sold eggs in front of the school.
He went into a store that sells shoes.
He got in a shipment of shoes.
I don't want to cut corners in other people's companies.
There are a lot of bricks piled up under the corner.
At the end of this week it's time to open the paychecks of the janitorial staff.
The house is so stuffy that the windows need to be opened.
If you want to do something big, you're bound to fall.
The road is slippery, so you take care not to fall.
The factory lost hundreds of thousands of dollars.
His body lost money after working continuously for several days.
His long-suffering heart finally fell to the ground.
The autumn leaves are falling to the ground.
His research about pregnant women is prone to difficult labor under the current research conditions.
The pregnancies of middle-aged women are prone to difficult labor.
This quote is from an ancient book.
The ones he quotes are his relatives.
There's a lot of internal friction in this engine.
There is serious internal friction in their department.
He stood at a distance to catch the wicket.
He was going to catch the factory manager's job.
As soon as his hand touched the fire, he withdrew it.
We've made contact with the enemy.
Cold this thing first.
Cold this hot tea first.
Nian is already old.
There are 365 days in a year.
He has a generous voice.
He is a generous man, deeply respected by everyone.
Children like to pull others.
I pulled you up.
This well-known company is the leader in the industry.
Please ask Master to come and fix the faucet.
He kept kneading the playdough in his hand.
This is a new thing he has kneaded.
He twisted his back while working.
He twisted his own bad habit.
He twisted and staggered.
His soul was twisted by this thing.
When he encountered an earthquake, he immediately got down.
When he encountered a little difficulty, he got down immediately.
They are filming the waves lapping the embankment.
They were making a movie.
He was good at bribery and soon climbed to the throne of the director.
Visiting the Forbidden City, we that saw the throne of the Qing Emperor.
In modern times, you can't find a good job even if you only have the sign of a college student.
Please go and put up the sign at that intersection.
Departure from the homeland.
Departure from right principles.
He likes to climb steep cliffs.
He likes to climb his bosses.
This chess game has gone to a stalemate.
Wrap up the loose ends of this thing.
Now that the market is bad, hurry up and throw out the goods in your hand.
He was ordered to throw out the ball in his hand.
This man is such a rice bucket, he can't do anything right.
There is no rice in the rice bucket.
The power of the cannon in the army is great.
The government has made it a rule that you can't set off cannons in your house during New Year's Eve.
This teacher is carefully cultivating his students.
This gardener is carefully cultivating his plants.
These clothes are good skins.
About this field, I know only the skinny.
We'll meet again next week.
The topics they chose clashed.
Please wrap a layer of skin around this book.
He lost a layer of skin on his hand.
He felt sleepy after a busy day.
The book market is tired and sleepy.
He has just moved house and is feeling tired.
Magnets become fatigued when used for a long time.
No one wants to hire her as a daughter-in-law.
This law firm wants to hire a legal counselor.
The government quelled the unrest.
This achievement leveled the world record.
The sea calmed down.
My wound calmed down.
He broke a lot more money on the street this time.
He broke the world record again this race.
They actually dissected themselves.
This article dissects the problem profoundly.
He has become the flag of the whole army.
There are many flags flying in the streets today.
Don't start a fire at your house, come to my house for dinner.
You don't start a fire, take care to keep your mood calm.
The sea rises in this storm.
If you have a problem, please stand up.
These two men implicate a cow.
This thing involves the leader.
He dived into the city.
He dove to the bottom of the sea.
This color is too light.
My knowledge of clothing colors is too light.
The program was shot.
He was shot by the police for a crime.
Rape of a minor.
He raped an underage girl.
This woman is very pretty.
This rice was very pretty in the market.
The people call this man Green Sky.
It's rare to see a green sky in the weather in this place.
A green cloud has drifted across the sky of this place.
He has been a man who has ascended to a green cloud.
This is a light but meaningful gift.
There is a light paper on the table.
The clouds in the sky looked frivolous.
At first glance, it felt like he was a frivolous person.
His song made the people in the theater fall over.
This cottage tipped over in the hurricane.
She dumped a load of coal outside the house.
She shed tears and dumped all her grievances.
This sentence needs to have a few wrong words removed.
Tomorrow, this panda is going to Beijing.
For the tug-of-war tomorrow, our company will have its entire army out.
After this battle, the entire enemy army was crushed.
The forging of a sword requires heat treatment.
This problem cannot be heat treated.
Objects require a certain amount of heat to burn.
His heat on this matter lasted a long time.
The sun usually rises in the east.
There are 365 days in a year.
This food is too bitter to be ingested.
Goods have to go through customs to be imported.
This food is very tasty.
This movie is very tasty.
Please moisturize these flowers.
Moisten the rotating parts of the machine with oil.
This persimmon is astringent.
This article is very astringent.
Please stick out your tongue.
They caught a tongue back at the enemy camp.
The night is very deep.
This well is deep.
My little child is starting to change his teeth.
His chopsticks are made of teeth.
This little child needs to be cleaned up.
This broken table needs to be cleaned up.
This sinful man needs fixing.
This malfunctioning machine needs fixing.
A clogged drain needs to be unblocked.
Unclog a conflict between two villages.
There is too much water in this article.
The water in this pot will boil.
This money is my private house.
All the private houses in this neighborhood have to be demolished.
His mouth is so broken, all day long.
This glass is broken.
This science fiction movie depicts the story of a spaceman who makes contact with a boy on Earth.
She is the first female astronaut to go up with Earth's spacecraft.
The Peach Plums taught by this teacher are the elite in all walks of life.
The peaches and plums at home are gorgeous and colorful.
Theoretical essays can also be written in a way that is easy to understand and do not have to be written in a heavenly style.
He dreamed last night that a fairy gave him a heavenly book.
He intends to go to the post office to drop off a letter.
He pitched the well yesterday.
This glass window is very translucent.
After hearing that, his heart was permeable.
This tank has been decommissioned.
He is a retired soldier.
It is necessary to deal with the person who led the crime.
Many families are doing their annual shopping.
This book is a treasure he just bought at the bookstore.
This mother took her newborn baby out for a play date.
This teacher asked this student to memorize the text he had just written on the blackboard.
The school requires students to carry backpacks to school.
He is making up the words to the song he will sing at the party tomorrow.
He is making up straw shoes to wear in the war tomorrow.
This magician is doing a magic trick.
This barren mountain is turning into a good field.
This soldier will wear civilian clothes when he goes home.
This leader takes a couple of plainclothesmen with him for protection when he goes on private visits.
Write truthfully about this table about opening a watch store.
He is repairing a watch in a watch store.
He used to wipe his mouth with a tissue after eating.
The airplane wiped the top of the mountain.
It's the season when bandits are born from the mountains.
There are many babies born in this season.
He is wearing the road next to this clothing store.
He is wearing a red dress.
He is pitching a tent that he will sleep in tonight.
He is pitching a luxurious boat to go home.
This actor's voice collapsed.
This house fell down in the storm.
If he leaves, no one will be able to cover his work.
This train is about to arrive in Shanghai.
The enemy in this fortress often comes out to plague the people, and the troops intend to pull out the nail.
The table leg needs two nails to prevent it from breaking.
Your eyes are so poisonous that you can find criminals among so many people.
This snake is so poisonous that it can kill people instantly.
Using wind power to generate electricity is the new energy policy.
This unit has suffered an enemy attack and is generating electricity for the headquarters.
This temple has just been turned over by renovation workers.
This bomb overturned this tank.
He talked in class and once again made a mistake that he shouldn't have made at school.
By talking in class, he has once again broken the rules of the school.
Preservatives are strictly forbidden in this food.
A good reader has his own preservatives when he reads a book.
This car drives fast.
This cut flies fast.
High-voltage power lines are being laid here.
This grid worker is in the hospital getting his blood pressure taken; his high voltage is too high.
He has a lump on his skin.
After a betrayal, there's a lump between their relationship.
This man has no bones.
A person has a total of 206 bones.
You should wrap dumplings in these leaves.
You don't wrap two different things together.
Working conscientiously, she is a red flag in the railroad department.
Every morning, the red flag is raised in the schoolyard.
This kind of thinking has come back again.
This floor will come back in the summer.
She plans to open a supermarket here.
This captain's flying assignment today is to fly a big airplane.
He used to be poor, but now he's become broad.
This house is very broad.
