The invention is a great scientist.
The invention is a robot.
Concerned about a high score.
The person who cares is the one who cares about you, but you don't care about them.
The criticized is the student who made a mistake.
The stern teacher is criticized.
The fruits in the orchard are currently being harvested.
The fruit farmers in the orchard are currently harvesting.
The doctor who is undergoing surgery is healthy.
The patient undergoing surgery is critically ill.
Teaching is knowledge.
The professor who is teaching is a full professor.
The law is being enforced.
The police officer is currently executing (something).
The crops being harvested are rice in the farmland.
The ones being harvested are the farmers' children.
Managing the computer room.
The person currently managing is a specialized school administrator.
The captured is the prey.
The hunter was captured.
The drum is being beaten.
The person being struck is a drummer who has been working in the drum industry for decades.
Playing the part of a dragon.
The role being played is Jet Li.
The research is about corporate culture.
The research is on corporate research personnel.
Flying over the abyss.
A professional athlete who excels.
A new ancient civilization was discovered.
The discovered person is an archaeology professor.
Investigate the economic development situation of the town.
Research professor in the economics of townships.
Record the experimental data in a table.
Record the results of the experiment.
Ate the tourist's crocodile.
Ate the tourist's cat.
Lost their cute dog from his house.
Bitten his family's wild dog.
scoop for digging watermelon.
Peel the watermelon.
Repairing the legs of the table.
Repair the table with a hammer.
Visiting the president of another country.
Visit tourist attractions in other countries.
Programmer of search engine.
The code of the search program.
Stones in Sanjiao River.
Three stones in the river.
Two horses on the grassland.
Two horses on two pieces of grassland.
Three batteries for toy cars.
The batteries of three toy cars.
Four cameras on the table.
Four cameras on the table.
Two kitchen knives.
Knives in two kitchens.
Four articles in the newspaper.
Four articles in the newspapers.
Visited ancient buildings that are a thousand years old.
Visited ancient architecture for five hours.
Selected ten minutes of wood.
Selected a thousand-year-old piece of wood.
Played a two-minute role.
Played the character from 500 years ago.
I wrote 5 consecutive conference reports.
I wrote the meeting report continuously for 5 hours.
Spoke about history for 2 hours.
Spoke about a hundred years of history.
Drew a picture for 6 minutes.
Painted 6 pictures.
Did five examination papers.
Did the 5-minute exam.
Sell fast products.
Sell expensive products.
To construct fast buildings.
To construct a massive building.
Explore uninhabited areas.
The area is thoroughly investigated.
Watch an exciting movie.
Watching a comfortable movie.
Purchased successful products.
Purchase fragile products.
Research difficult problems.
Research the problem thoroughly.
Conveniently operated machine.
Operate important machinery.
Imprison fierce criminals.
Imprisoning a tightly guarded criminal.
Give the teacher the homework notebook.
Copy the red workbook.
Donate books to the library.
Donate books to foreign countries.
Sent birthday gift from the leader.
To send a birthday gift.
The legs of the blanket and the stool are both broken.
His clothes' sleeves and cane are both dirty.
The computer screen and chair need to be arranged neatly.
The computer on the table and the sofa must be thrown away.
The security personnel working at this mall are communicating with the police outside the building.
The small birds and fish in the sky are his hunting targets.
The one who gains is the hardworking farmer.
The harvest is delicious fruit.
A scientist is created.
Create a robot.
Strictly cracked down upon is theft behavior.
Heavily targeted are the well-trained SWAT team.
Investigated is this corruption and bribery case.
The investigation is about the personnel involved in the corruption case.
What was missed is this rare opportunity.
The athletes who have been waiting for a long time missed their opportunity.
The performance is by a first-line actor from the province.
The performance is Sun Wukong from Journey to the West.
What has been launched is a revolutionary phone.
A great company has been launched.
Doing scientific research is the work of top scientists.
Research is an emerging field internationally.
The research is about internationally renowned mathematical problems.
The research is on internationally renowned mathematicians specializing in math problems.
The solution is five famous international math problems.
The solution is five internationally renowned mathematicians.
Killed the landlord's cat.
Killed the landlord's killer.
Personnel of the studio working on house renovation.
The studio room for house renovation work.
Study the overall architecture of the code.
The overall architect of studying the code structure.
Visiting the interior structure of the Grand Palace.
Visit the interior of the Grand Palace.
Sanctioning Iran's economy.
Sanctioning Iran's economy is a major power.
Developing the economy of a country.
Economic experts of developing countries.
Combatting organized economic crime.
Police officers combating economic crimes.
The suspect being investigated for a major case.
Investigate the criminal suspects in major cases.
Travelers encountered during the process of enjoying traveling.
The traveler who enjoys the process of traveling.
A piece of clothing in a wardrobe.
The clothes inside a cabinet.
Monks in three temples.
Three monks in the temple.
Four computers on the table.
Four computers on the table.
There are five phones on the bed.
Five mobile phones on the bed.
Cover personalities in six magazines.
The cover people on six magazines.
Seven potted flowers.
The flowers in seven pots of bonsai.
Eight coins in the wallet.
Eight coins in the wallets.
The actors in the nine movies.
The plot of nine movies.
The teacher taught history for three days.
The teacher taught history for three thousand years.
The historical play was performed for two days.
Performed a historical drama for two thousand years.
Wrote homework for three days.
Wrote three homework assignments.
Sold cars for over a decade.
Sold a car that was over ten years old.
I have been watching movies for over ten years.
I watched a movie that was made over ten years ago.
Managed a shop for over ten years.
The shop has been in operation for over ten years.
Previously important historical turning point.
A significant historical turning point.
Difficult to purchase goods.
Purchase inexpensive goods.
Difficult to sell products.
Sell cheap poor-quality products.
Exciting TV drama.
Exciting TV drama in the evening.
pleasurable atmosphere
To enjoy the atmosphere of happiness.
Study simple questions.
The research is completed.
Strict examiner.
To assess or examine underperforming students.
The hunter's cat was bitten to death.
The tiger killed the fox.
Killed the hunter's dog.
Killed the hunter's tiger.
Ate the chocolate on the cake.
The child ate the cake.
Fell in love with a girl who is a fan of celebrities.
Falling in love with the works of a celebrity.
Misjudged the good intentions of parents.
Wrongly blamed the parents for the child.
Repaired the windows of the room.
The decorator repaired the room's decoration.
The shark and the tiger in the water are both fierce animals.
He captured a bird and a cheetah in the sky in a photograph.
The mature fruits in the orchard are being harvested.
The harvested ones are professional fruit farmers in the orchard.
The most experienced doctor in the hospital is performing the surgery.
The patient undergoing surgery has a serious illness.
Conduct research on the economy of townships.
Research economist in rural towns.
Record the entire process of the experiment.
Biologists record experiments.
Peeler for apples.
Peeling the skin of an apple.
Repair the legs of the wooden table.
The saw that repairs wooden tables.
Three school researchers.
The experimenters at three schools.
Furniture in five houses.
Furniture in five houses.
Ten televisions in the department store.
The television in the ten shopping malls.
There are six chairs in the room.
The chair in the six rooms.
Visited a century-old palace.
Visited the palace for five minutes.
Wrote homework for 2 consecutive days.
I wrote two consecutive homework assignments.
Painted for 4 days.
Painted 4 pictures.
The suspect's feeling of fear.
The scene that the suspect is afraid of.
Food with unique flavors.
Unique food from the northern region.
Fast-selling merchandise.
Sell expensive goods.
Delicious smelling porridge.
To taste a delicious porridge.
A comfortable sofa to touch.
Choose a comfortable sofa.
Buy cheap goods.
Convenient goods for buying and selling.
He came first in the exam, which is great.
He got a very good grade on the exam.
Encouragement is this behavior.
Encouragers are encouragers.
Recognition is given to this brave behavior.
The presenter is the one giving the award.
Strict crackdown is on theft.
The target of the crackdown is highly trained special police officers.
Investigation is about this case.
The investigation involved specially appointed criminal investigation experts from the province.
A large amount of smuggled goods were discovered and dealt with.
The police officer who apprehended smuggled goods was investigated and dealt with.
The research focuses on internationally renowned mathematical problems.
The research focuses on internationally renowned mathematicians.
Renovate the bedroom of the house.
The workers who renovate houses.
Programmers who research code.
To study the details of the code.
Great people who transform the whole world.
To change the entire world's pattern.
The key person in solving this mathematical problem.
Solving part of this math problem.
Investigating traffic accidents, the traffic police.
Investigating the causes of traffic accidents.
I enjoy the process of traveling.
Travelers who like to travel.
Clothes in two sets of cabinets.
Clothes in two cabinets.
Three umbrellas on the table.
Three umbrellas on the table.
Four candles on the cake.
Four candles on four cakes.
The champion of five games.
The champion of the five competitions.
There are six rifles in the warehouse.
Six rifles in the warehouse.
Two concert tickets.
Tickets for two concerts.
Experienced teachers in school.
There are enough teachers in the school.
The military is equipped with excellent weapons.
The soldier is well-equipped.
Explain the problem clearly.
Explain complex problems.
Inherit and develop traditional culture.
Inherit traditional painting culture.
Sold the hunter's dog.
The hunter sold the dog.
Hurtful words that harm others.
Hurt someone's feelings.
The child moved the parents.
The parents' hearts were moved.
Ignited the flame of revenge in one's heart.
Ignited warm scenes in the heart.
Repaired the room's windows.
Worker repaired the room.
The judge presides over a trial.
The criminal is being tried.
My teacher is the one who teaches me.
Teaching is for students who love learning.
I like the writing style of this article.
Likes this article is the literary youth.
Listen to the lyrics of the touching music.
Listeners who appreciate moving music.
Appreciate the enchanting landscape of the garden.
Appreciate the visitors in the garden/garden visitors.
Strolling in the space station.
Walking astronaut in space.
What is destroyed is historical landmarks.
What is being destroyed are the tourists without manners/quality.
Local endangered animals were slaughtered.
The greedy poachers were massacred.
Trample the flowers in the garden.
The tourists trampled the garden.
Surround and attack the stronghold of bandits.
The regular army is encircling the bandits.
Capture the territory of the rebels.
They captured the regular army.
The one who repairs is a car mechanic.
The broken-down car is being repaired.
The volunteers are providing assistance for poverty relief.
Assistance is provided to elderly people in impoverished areas.
To assist left-behind children in remote areas.
Dedicated volunteers providing assistance to remote areas.
The prediction is about the result of the next game.
The prediction is about the famous fortune-teller here.
Predicting or divining future fortune/luck.
Predict the future fortune-telling.
Calculate the total salary of the employees.
Accountant calculating employee salaries.
people who establish political parties.
Create the party's constitution.
The climax part of the musical performance.
The pianist playing the musical composition.
The performance is Beethoven's major key.
The performance is Beethoven's.
Running for class monitor.
Running for class president is a student in the class.
TThe collection is Han Dynasty cultural relics
The collector collects Han Dynasty artifacts.
Shooting at the target 100 meters away.
The one who is shooting is a professional sniper.
A perfect score hitting the bullseye.
The shooter who hit the target.
a river on a plain
A river on a plain.
Two table lamps in the room.
Two desk lamps in two rooms.
Three bottles of mineral water on the table.
There are three bottles of mineral water on the table.
Four exam papers.
The test papers for the four subjects.
Five pairs of socks in the drawer.
Five pairs of socks in the drawers.
Six pills in six bottles.
Six pills in six bottles.
Admired the ancient village for several hours.
Appreciate ancient villages that existed hundreds of years ago.
Studied a foreign language course for five hours.
Studied five foreign language courses.
I wrote six calligraphy scrolls.
I wrote calligraphy for six days.
Played a wonderful piece of music.
Played beautiful music all day.
Check the bullets of the firearm.
Check the police's firearm.
The students who receive subsidies are from financially disadvantaged families.
The state institution is providing subsidies.
Three exam room teachers gathered together to chat.
The teachers from three examination rooms gathered together to chat.
The rescue is for the disaster-stricken population.
Firefighters are the ones rescuing.
Studying the articles in the textbook.
Students studying textbooks.
Building tall buildings in the city.
The workers who build cities.
I read newspapers for ten days.
I read ten newspapers.
The doctors from three hospitals sit together for a meeting.
Three doctors from different hospitals are sitting together for a meeting.
Perform a serious program.
Perform interesting programs.
A course to study diligently.
Learn simple courses.
Purchasing prohibited goods is difficult.
Purchase rare contraband goods.
Sell your neighbor's exercise book.
Sell extra exercise books.
Give leader a gift.
Give a gift for reaching adulthood.
The birds and fish in the sky have a common ancestor.
The clouds in the sky are intermingled with rain.
The teachers and police officers in the school are public servants.
The teachers and students in the school get along harmoniously.
Oxygen and water are indispensable in the air.
Oxygen and carbon dioxide are both essential in the air.
Two rooms have windows made of glass.
Two windows in two buildings.
The question of the fifth exam.
The questions of the three exams.
Two theorems in two books.
The theorems in the two books.
Four slaughtered cows in the slaughterhouse.
Four cows at the slaughterhouse.
The two pharmacies' Chinese medicine.
The Chinese medicine from two pharmacies.
A bookstore's book.
Books from two bookstores.
The test takers are being carried.
The exam paper is being carried.
The one conducting the transaction is an elephant.
Two rich men are conducting a transaction.
The taste (of something) is a fascinating story.
Tasteful is an old grandfather by the roadside.
The explanation is about the history of this ancient building.
The explanation is given by a very professional tour guide.
The video clip is being extracted.
The one that is being intercepted is a student who is looking for pictures.
The calculation is a relatively difficult physics problem.
The calculation is the math representative in our class.
The game being conducted is an important soccer match.
The person in charge is a professional football coach.
The leadership is a major engineering project.
The leader is the leader of this country.
The competition is about mathematical abilities.
The two math geniuses are competing.
The carving is of a carpenter.
Carved is a piece of marble.
Checking the leadership of the textbook.
Check the price of the textbook.
Eat the fish's tail.
The customer who is eating fish.
Discussing mathematical formulas.
Discussing a math conference.
Wipe the table with a towel.
Wipe the legs of the table.
Lost direction.
Lost tourist.
Exposing the truth's mysteries.
Exposure of the truth documented.
Record scenes from reality.
Record the reality of the film.
Cover the face with a veil.
Covering up acne on the face.
Explain the solution methods for the given problem.
The teacher explaining the problem.
Retrieve the inventory list.
The leader who retrieves the goods.
Government officials are inspecting private companies.
Inspect the operation of private companies.
To set up a fast stage.
Build a shiny stage.
Cultivate careful bacteria.
Cultivate small bacteria.
Review the sloppy documents.
Review important documents.
Demolish the building slowly.
Demolish the dilapidated building.
When an earthquake strikes China, the one providing aid is China.
When the earthquake struck Japan, the one providing assistance was China.
Opposition is to the government, this corrupt government does not support mass gatherings.
The government is being opposed, and the people demand reforms from this corrupt government.
The hunters are hunting tigers, and the number of tigers is rapidly decreasing.
Hunting is the tiger, its speed in chasing antelopes is fast.
The commanding officer is a senior officer, and the senior officer is required to attend a meeting this morning.
A military officer of the division level is in command, and the troops under the division are asked to gather immediately.
The wife is worried because the husband has been out of contact for a long time.
I worry that my wife, after I leave, won't be able to shoulder the whole family.
What is concerning is her mother. Her mother cooked porridge for her when she was sick.
She is concerned about her mother, who is sick and needs care.
Opposing is Teacher Wang; Teacher Wang does not support this teaching plan.
Opposed is Teacher Wang, the others believe that Teacher Wang's proposal is inappropriate.
Even children don't believe it, this thing is too fake.
Even children don't believe him because he is a suspicious person.
The chicken is not eating because it has already eaten too much.
The chicken stopped eating because it has been eating chicken too often recently and is tired of it.
Xiao Yang was not found, Xiao Yang has not been seen for an entire afternoon.
Xiao Yang was not found, and Xiao Yang felt very gloomy.
When both Liu and Zhen were killed, it was Lu Xun's articles that were criticized.
This person talks big and criticizes Lu Xun's article.
The investigation involves students because these students are eyewitnesses of the incident.
The investigation is about students, because these students need to complete the assignments given by the teacher.
The mother who takes care of the children always stays by their side when they are sick.
The mother taking care of the child, she needs to be well taken care of after giving birth.
Respecting students as a teacher is something that every student's parents should do.
Respecting the students, the teacher always accepts their suggestions.
Caring about the employees of the company, these employees often work with the overall situation of the company in mind.
The boss needs to improve the living accommodations and treatment for the company's employees.
The enemy sentry has been found, this sentry needs to report the enemy situation immediately.
We have discovered the enemy sentry and cannot let the enemy sentry escape.
I like the girls in Shanghai because they all pursue fashion.
I like Shanghai girls because Shanghai is a bustling city.
The director's female secretary is implicated, because the secretary's violation of the law resulted in the director being held accountable.
The chief secretary, as a result of the illegal activities of the director, was held accountable.
The final exams are approaching soon, and it is necessary to review the subjects studied throughout the semester.
This semester will not cover new knowledge, but instead require a review of the entire semester's coursework.
The daughter dislikes her mother, and the son of this mother does not like his sister.
The daughter who dislikes her mother has a bad relationship with her mother.
He/she knocked down his younger brother's bike, and his younger brother got angry about his bike being knocked down.
I knocked over my younger brother's bicycle, luckily he didn't get hurt.
Because they were going on a trip for many days, they prepared a day's worth of dry rations.
Because as long as they go on a trip for one day, they prepare a day's worth of dry rations.
Generally, when researching Lu Xun's articles, his birth and death are usually mentioned.
Studying Lu Xun's works is necessary for the research of modern literature.
The army that defeated the enemy was welcomed by the people after returning home.
To defeat the enemy's troops, further pursuit is necessary.
The father scolded his child because the child did not do well on the exam.
The father who scolds the child, because this father betrayed the marriage.
Please show me the research material.
Research data is something that every researcher must do.
Imported food is relatively expensive in terms of selling price.
Imported food is not allowed by the policies of this country.
The survey materials need to be submitted before the deadline.
The investigation materials sometimes require cooperation from multiple people together.
She was born last year, and now she is almost 1 year old.
She had a child last year, and her child is almost 1 year old.
The taxi industry suffers from intense competition and pressure from ride-hailing services.
The taxi industry is growing into a new major market.
He got injured while playing basketball on campus, please send him to the school hospital immediately.
The school and hospital are the two public places with the most people.
Literary language is closely related to two disciplines in the humanities.
Literary language refers to the language used in literary works.
Biology history, one is more science-oriented, and the other is more humanities-oriented.
Biological history refers to the history of biology.
The matters of other countries will be discussed at the next national conference.
The matters of other countries will be discussed in the next international conference.
Ancient war novels refer to novels about ancient wars.
Ancient war novel refers to war novels written in ancient times.
The study of African languages refers to the specialized study of languages in Africa.
African language research is a language research institute established in Africa.
The new faculty dormitory is specially provided for new faculty members.
The new faculty dormitory is a newly-built dormitory by the school.
He has had this car for 5 years and he wants to buy a new license plate for it.
He bought this car new, and he wants to buy a new license plate for it.
A college English teacher refers to a teacher who teaches college English.
A university English teacher refers to a teacher who teaches English at a university.
The leaders of two schools spoke one after the other at the same opening ceremony.
The leaders of two schools signed agreements for mutual cooperation between their respective schools.
There are three children from the kindergarten in the park, for a total of 6 children playing games.
There are three kindergarten children in the park, they are in the same class.
There are two party legislators in the office who are attacking each other's political party's views.
There are two party members in the office who are running for party chairman.
The workers from three factories were drinking together, and each person ordered one bottle, totaling three bottles of alcohol.
The workers from three factories drank together and each person ordered one bottle, resulting in a total of 10 bottles of alcohol.
There are doctors from 5 hospitals in this building, they are discussing the collaboration between the departments in the hospitals.
There are doctors from 5 hospitals in this building, and they are discussing collaborations within their respective hospitals.
The players from both teams have been good friends since they were young.
The players from two teams put on a thrilling game for the audience in the sports arena.
Several waiters at the entrance of the restaurant argued with each other because they wanted to attract customers to their respective restaurants.
The waiters/waitresses of a few restaurants at the hotel entrance are chatting because there are no customers.
There are two vases on the chair which were given by his two friends. These vases were bought with money collected by his two friends.
There are two vases on the chair, which were given by two friends. These vases were purchased collectively by his three friends.
Everyone expressed gratitude to him for his help.
He repaid everyone's help with practical actions.
He looked at cats in three pet shops, and finally decided to buy a cat from the middle pet shop.
He looked at cats in three pet stores and finally decided on the cutest cat among them.
The police of two cities have signed a cross-city cooperation agreement on combating crime.
The police from two cities are patrolling the streets.
Xiao Ming was greatly inspired, and the one who encouraged him was his teacher.
To distribute subsidies to the teachers is to encourage them.
Because the teacher teaches seriously, they are commended.
The diligent students in class are praised by the teachers.
His father performed the surgery because his father is a doctor.
His father underwent surgery because he was seriously ill.
This is a photo I took last year, and my photography skills were very good at the time.
This is a photo taken by me last year, it is a nice selfie.
The investigation involves officials in the province, this matter has alarmed the central government.
The investigation is about the officials in the province, and they are very dissatisfied with the situation in each city.
The performer is Jay Chou, he sang a famous song.
The performer is Jay Chou, this imitator is very skilled at imitating famous singers.
Subsidies are given to high-tech companies, this is the government's policy.
Tech companies are subsidized and users can benefit greatly.
The protest is against the Iraqi government, and the people are very dissatisfied with it.
The protest is against the Iraqi government, who strongly condemns the United States.
The US military was struck, and the White House is very angry about it.
The US military forces carried out an air strike on ground targets.
Wang teacher is being bid farewell, and the classmates are all very sad.
Wang teacher is bidding farewell to the students and wishing them a smooth journey.
The army that encircles the bandits can assemble at any time.
The operation to encircle and suppress the bandits requires the deployment of regular army troops.
The teachers who love the school are constantly striving on the front line of teaching.
Love the teachers in school, love their hard work and dedication.
The people who miss their hometown always want to go back, every moment of the day.
Missing home is a sentiment that every traveler will have.
People who are against the opposition gather together to celebrate.
I believe that justice will prevail against individuals who oppose.
Upon discovering the enemy's troops, our army immediately launched an attack.
Discovered the enemy's forces, it is our military reconnaissance unit.
I greeted my friend's teacher when I ran into them.
I greeted my friend's teacher.
Visited the parents of the neighbors and brought many gifts.
Visited the parents of my neighbor and thanked the neighbor for taking care of me these days.
The books that research the Spring and Autumn period are kept in the library.
Studying books about the Spring and Autumn period is helpful for understanding that period of history.
Insulting other people's parents is not a good example for children.
Insulting someone's parents is not a polite behavior.
Observing the visitors in the garden, they are discussing garden design.
Observing the tourists in the garden, the footsteps of the tourists are all hurried.
Killed the neighbor's child, only in their early teens.
The neighbor's child was killed and the culprit escaped.
The principals of five schools gathered together.
The teachers from five schools and their principal, Principal Wang, stand together.
The drummers of two bands are arguing about who is the first drummer in the band.
The drummers of two bands are arguing about who is the first band.
The residents of two neighborhoods are discussing whose neighborhood's housing prices have risen again.
The residents of two communities are discussing the level of their affiliated hospital.
The employees in three factories went out to eat and discussed going together to ask the boss for a raise.
The employees from three factories went out to eat and discussed the treatment in each factory (which is relatively better).
There are two fans of celebrities here who are discussing tonight's concert by Jay Chou.
There are two fans of celebrities arguing over whose work is better, Zhou Jielun or Cai Xukun.
The leaders of five colleges are discussing the organization of a gathering among the five colleges.
The leaders of the five colleges are discussing how to become the first college of the school.
On the windowsill are two vases given by two friends, both of whom are my good friends.
There are two vases on the windowsill, and both vases are very beautiful.
The China Cultural Exhibition Center encompasses various cultures from over a hundred countries.
The China Culture Exhibition Center displays China's thousand years of cultural development history.
The elementary school Chinese teacher refers to the Chinese teacher at the elementary school.
The elementary Chinese language teacher refers to the teacher who teaches Chinese language in elementary school.
The Taiwan Institute for Chinese Character Research is located in Taipei, and is dedicated to researching Chinese characters.
The Taiwan Chinese Character Research Institute is dedicated to promoting the development of Chinese characters in mainland China studying Taiwan.
The Suzhou Automobile Exhibition showcased Suzhou's self-developed car brands.
The Suzhou Auto Show showcases car brands from around the world.
So many devices were produced in just one quarter, amazing!
It's terrible that so many devices were produced in just one quarter.
The person repairing the car was in a hurry because he still needed to drive out.
The car repairman is getting in a hurry because the customer has been urging him.
I don't like anyone because I don't have money.
I don't like anyone because I am very strong.
Teacher Wang has been informed, and Teacher Wang will be here soon.
Teacher Wang has already informed, and all the students know.
Partially damaged equipment is half of the completely damaged equipment.
The partially damaged instrument was completely destroyed and cannot be repaired.
Translating novels is not a good job.
Translating novels sometimes may not be as good as the original version, it's not a good job.
Imported milk powder is not always necessarily better than domestic milk powder.
Imported milk powder can only be conducted by companies that have obtained national approval.
I cannot write this report well because my identity is sensitive.
I can't write this report well, but I know you can write it well.
On Teacher's Day, teachers hope that students do not give gifts but instead give blessings. Thoughts and intentions are more important than material items.
Teachers on Teacher's Day hope that students don't give gifts and only send them blessings. They don't need anything else.
The friend who came is the friend of the older brother and younger brother. The two brothers have the same social circle.
The friends who came are the friends of the older brother and younger brother; the older brother does not know the friends of the younger brother.
I only know "Kong Yiji" among Lu Xun's articles.
Many people have written articles about Lu Xun.
The teacher has already received feedback from the teacher.
All the students humbly accepted the teacher's opinion.
Many children like cleanliness.
Many people like clean children.
Xiao Li tells stories that are very interesting, and everyone loves listening to Xiao Li.
Xiao Li said the story was interesting. Xiao Li suggested that everyone should go listen.
He suddenly remembered that he had not eaten yet.
He suddenly remembered to go eat.
He couldn't imagine that this question is unexpectedly simple.
He couldn't figure out what the solution to this question was.
He is easy to talk to, and everyone thinks they get along well with him.
He's an easy person to talk to, once he starts talking, he never stops.
He still owes 1000 yuan, and finally has paid off the debt.
He still owes 1000 yuan, and he plans to pay back this 1000 yuan next year.
A female employee working at this bank is arguing with a man who claims to be the owner of a company.
A female employee working at this bank is arguing with a man because he cut in line while conducting business at the bank.
A mob is being chased, and these mobs saw a lone police officer.
A mob is being chased, and this mob encountered a group of police.
A doctor is treating an illness, and this doctor is fulfilling his duty.
A doctor is currently being treated for an illness, and this doctor has already resigned due to the illness.
The search is for the police, the police received a report from the public that a criminal is in the vicinity.
The search is for the police officer who went missing while chasing the criminal.
The test is about the teacher. This teacher wants to know the students' level of achievement in the class.
The subject is teachers, and the teachers are currently taking part in the teacher qualification examination.
The homeless man helped, and he rushed into the fire to save many people.
The homeless person is being helped. This homeless person has not eaten anything for many days.
The report is about an official who wants to reduce their own guilt.
Officials were reported, and the public has long been dissatisfied with the corruption of this official.
Education is the responsibility of parents because these parents believe that a child's education cannot solely rely on school.
Education is the responsibility of parents because these parents often indulge their children to do bad things.
The child was deceived because the mother simply did not have money to buy toys for the child.
The child is being deceived because the mother is very obedient to the child.
Appreciate the director, this director's film is very good.
The director is appreciated, this director is very satisfied with the actors' performance.
Criticism of the factory workers because they haven't received their wages for a long time.
The workers at the factory are being criticized because they often slack off.
The officials of the township government are being inspected. This township government has been reported to have corruption issues.
Inspect the officials of the town government, this township government welcomes the visit of their superiors.
The children are scared because today is Halloween.
The child is scared because this child often cries.
Congratulations to my colleague who was just selected as an outstanding talent.
Congratulations to a colleague, who is happy for his wedding.
The person being welcomed is a leader who wants to make a good impression on the visiting boss of a large company.
A leader is being welcomed, and this leader came to inspect the local work.
If fish in two rivers experience geographic isolation, they will evolve in different directions.
The fish in the two rivers were caught up by a fisherman at the same time.
The senior executives of five educational institutions are having a meeting, and they want to share the students' information of the institutions.
The top management of five educational institutions is having a meeting to discuss the operational situation of the institutions for this year.
The babies of these four cities were just born in the same hospital.
The cultural customs backgrounds of the four cities' locations of infants are different.
Professors from six colleges are teaching content in different directions in computer science.
The professors from six colleges are teaching different subjects.
The ordinary cashiers from three supermarkets have different salaries.
The employee numbers of ordinary cashiers in three supermarkets are consecutive.
The shout is for a celebrity, and this celebrity has won the Best Actor award.
The fan at the airport saw the secret celebrity that was being called.
To boycott the parliament member because they feel unfairly treated.
Boycott the member of parliament because they made inaccurate remarks.
He likes his younger sister, but his younger sister doesn't like anyone.
He likes his sister, and his sister has been pursuing him, who does not like her.
The parents of the students were asked to attend a parents' meeting that only allows parents to be present.
The parents of the students are chatting about their opinions under the arrangement of the school.
The TV remote control needs new batteries.
The TV remote control requires to be of the same brand.
The general Wang is being tried, he committed treachery against the country.
The General Wang is being judged, and he sentenced the criminals to 10 years in prison.
The person being taught is Xiao Li, who personally teaches us this skill.
The one being taught is Xiao Li, and I taught him how to learn this skill.
I really like this article, it's written very well.
I like students, students all like new things.
The suspect is Xiaoli, who is skeptical towards anything new.
We suspect Xiao Li because of his recent abnormal behavior.
Supporting is Senator Wang, who strongly supports this motion.
Citizens voted for Representative Wang as their support.
The teacher, Li, is disliked by all the students.
Teacher Li strongly dislikes this behavior.
Iraq is deploying troops, and the United States is mobilizing a large number of forces.
Iraq sent troops. Iraq deployed a division of soldiers.
Even he is worried, you really have overthought it.
Even he is worried, this matter is indeed very difficult.
Even I don't believe it, but this thing is actually true.
Who can you believe if even I don't believe it?
The person insulted the company's employees and is very dissatisfied with their company.
Insulting the company's employees and leaders.
I like northern boys because there is heating in the winter in the north and that's why I stayed here.
I like the boys from the north because they are very generous.
Bullying Xiao Li's classmate is equivalent to bullying Xiao Li.
A classmate who bullied Xiao Li was severely criticized by the teacher.
The defeat of the rebel army requires the deployment of a regular army of 100,000.
The army that defeated the rebel forces has gathered together.
Caring for employees' families is the strong support for employees.
Caring for employees' families is the best care for employees.
Every principal should have students who love their school.
Students who love their school will always consider the reputation of the school.
Causing trouble for Xiao Li's family, Xiao Li feels very regretful.
Caused trouble for Xiao Li's family, very sorry for Xiao Li.
They implicated the leader's superiors, which made the leader feel very sorry.
Implicating the leader's superiors, making the leader directly confess oneself.
If a celebrity offends the public, they are no longer a celebrity.
If a celebrity offends the public, they will be criticized by the celebrity's fans.
The troops can be assembled at any time to encircle and suppress the bandits.
Encircling and suppressing the bandit forces is an urgent matter.
I constantly want to go back, missing the people from my hometown.
People who miss their hometown will return home to celebrate Chinese New Year.
People who oppose each other gathered together to celebrate.
Overthrow the opposition party members and their accomplices.
Our army immediately launched an attack upon discovering the enemy's troops.
We have found the enemy's army, it is our vanguard force.
The people walking in the garden appear to be very happy.
Observing the pedestrians in the garden, their footsteps are all hurried.
She is concerned about her mother, and her mother personally boiled porridge to take care of her.
She is concerned about her mother, her mother is already over seventy.
Caring about employees in a company, such employees deserve praise.
Take care of the employees of the company and improve their living and accommodation conditions.
He wrote a two-hour speech, which means he will speak for two hours.
He spent two hours writing a speech, but he hasn't finished writing it yet.
In this calligraphy competition, two masters from two different associations came as judges, representing their respective associations.
Two masters from two associations came as judges for this calligraphy competition, they are the core figures of the Calligraphy Association.
We cannot afford his respect.
His respect for him stems from his noble character.
I am very grateful for his encouragement.
His encouragement deeply inspired him.
I answered his doubts directly.
His confusion spreads among the people.
His fear stems from his lack of understanding about him.
The teacher patiently reassured him about his fear.
The residents of two cities are discussing which city will have a better future development.
The residents of two cities are discussing the newly elected Mayor Wang.
The leaders of three countries are having a meeting to discuss the energy policies of each country.
The leaders of three countries are having a meeting to discuss their respective countries' military spending for this year.
Three students from sports schools participated in the competition, and they all wanted to bring glory to their respective schools.
The students participating in the competition are from three sports schools and they are from the same class.
The players of both teams are practicing on the playground for this year's championship.
The players from two teams are practicing on the playground, and the two teams often practice together.
To give up on beautiful women often means pursuing a more important spiritual world.
The man decided to leave, giving up on a beautiful woman.
The school leaders held a special seminar to discuss his criticism.
The school leadership's criticism towards him, he had already anticipated.
We three people can be divided into two groups.
We three are a group, because we can complement each other perfectly.
There is a newly opened youth barber shop downstairs, specializing in haircuts for young people.
There is a newly opened youth hair salon downstairs and all the hairstylists are young people.
The county has informed that reporting should be done before the 15th, going on the 15th will not be possible.
The county authorities notify that reporting should be done before the 15th, only on the day of the 15th.
I read newspapers for ten days, one each day.
I read newspapers for ten days, and finished reading all of them in one day.
Three doctors from different hospitals came to the school, namely Peking Union Medical College Hospital, Municipal Hospital, and Provincial Hospital.
Three doctors from the hospital came to the school, they are all from Peking Union Medical College Hospital.
He just came to the school, nobody knows him, only familiar with the desk partner.
He just came to school, no one knows him, and nobody talks to him.
Get a taxi quickly, there aren't many people on the road, so drive faster without any problems.
Call a car quickly, there are many cars here, it's easy to call one.
The reasonable suggestions of the three workers are a very good suggestion.
The reasonable suggestions of three workers were discussed and approved by the union one by one.
The economic loss plus the litigation fee is 4000 yuan, total of 8000 yuan.
The driver bears the economic loss and the litigation cost altogether, adding up to 4000 yuan.
Those who come later are left thirsty because the water was saved for the people who come at night.
Leave water for the people who come later at night, and by nightfall, you won't be able to buy water anymore.
I was only thirty years old when I first met you, I was still a child.
I knew you when you were only thirty years old, you were still a child.
Mom was very happy to see me and asked why I was so happy.
My mom is happy to see me because she hasn't seen me in a long time.
He criticized what you did wrong, so you should listen to him.
He criticizes what you did as being wrong, but you didn't do anything wrong.
He wants to pull the village cadres into the water to engage in drug trafficking.
After school, these students have made an appointment to go to the reservoir together.
Eat the enemy's division.
He likes to eat apples.
Until now, they haven't arranged accommodation for me, so I have to wander around at night.
Our troops are guerrilla fighting the enemy everywhere.
Many people started businesses in the 1990s.
The fishermen by the seaside make a living by going out to sea to catch fish.
He is really a useless person.
Inside this furniture are some rotting wood.
He is a person who often loses things.
He loves wearing red clothes.
The police have stationed a few people here.
The train station has installed automated ticket machines.
The flood season has passed, and the river is calm.
Only when the nation is secure can construction be done well.
His crime is not enough to warrant administrative disciplinary action.
If you commit a crime, you will be punished by the law.
He received orders to remove the enemy from the watchtower.
Using a cupping therapy can alleviate pain after two pulls.
Several people from the security department are guarding the gate very strictly; no one can bring their personal belongings out of the factory.
Talking too much will inevitably lead to mistakes, one should be cautious with their words.
Glanced at him once.
Went there for nothing.
He is very good at solving riddles.
He is a sharpshooter, hitting the target every time.
Your mouth is too fast.
His mouth is not small.
Our country has its own national conditions, completely copying other countries' management methods is not feasible.
Move the flowerpot onto the balcony.
He had a stern expression on his face and appeared very angry.
The ground is hard and not easy to plow.
At that time, international students had to live for one year in preparatory school.
My home is located on a loess ridge.
This land is not thin.
The bookshelf shelves are too thin to withstand the pressure of the books.
The ministers are prepared to submit a memorial.
A group of students is playing the national anthem.
A bullet takes care of one enemy.
These wrenches need to be reimbursed and new ones need to be obtained from the factory.
Reasonably manage work and study.
Actions are governed by thoughts.
The kid in this room needs to be disciplined.
This bicycle needs to be repaired or restored.
He quoted ancient texts multiple times in the article.
He is good at tapping into undiscovered talent.
He forced his parents to buy a piano.
The army has already reached the outskirts of the city.
Making clothes while comparing the body movements.
This year is not like previous years.
Taking a walk after dinner is his obligatory course.
Modern Chinese is our compulsory course.
The chain and gears are stuck together.
You should speak the truth and not randomly bite others.
We will never let the motherland's rivers and mountains change color.
This type of advertisement paint has good quality and does not change color.
For this National Games, our province sent out four hundred athletes to participate.
After the Huaihai Campaign began, the participating troops of the People's Liberation Army totaled approximately 500,000 people.
He got off the horse and gestured to the audience.
This project has already been abandoned.
This engineer is a big idiot.
The director uses straw bags as grain bags.
If you don't put in effort, you won't be able to successfully learn.
His athlete's foot is cured.
These soldiers have already ransacked the homes twice.
He who didn't come to class yesterday is now copying notes.
He entered the business world with nothing and now he is the chairman of a company.
The model posed nude, dedicating himself/herself to art.
The person wearing the watch walked for 3 minutes.
This person walked for 3 minutes.
Please string these two sentences together.
He is exploring the streets and alleys of this beautiful city.
Spring is rippling in the hearts of two young people.
Spring is in full swing.
This cat is running around randomly.
The water in the river surges higher than the bridge.
He is sending a telegram that the military urgently needs.
He is hitting the person he dislikes.
This street has many shops where you can buy jewelry.
He doesn't consider this matter to be a big deal.
That woman spits out feces from her mouth.
In residential areas without sanitation facilities, residents dump feces into designated sewage trucks every morning.
Drew a line under his name.
Where are you going when there is no road ahead?
This store uses subpar products in place of authentic ones.
The shop has already closed down.
As soon as he entered the examination room, he became extremely nervous.
When things don't go as desired, he gets angry.
The director's bribery case recently fell apart.
The road in this area is prone to accidents.
His hobby is just to bury himself in books.
Drill a small hole in the wall.
Selling the bourgeoisie's spiritual opium.
Selling drugs.
After listening to his comforting words, a warm feeling surged in my heart.
This warm current brings abundant food resources to this ocean.
His statement is literally auctioning off youth.
His painting was sold for 10,000 dollars.
The work at the bank is very well-paid.
This dress is a bit fat.
The scene of a boiling mass movement.
Boiling soup.
The comrades of the investigation team are distributing to various places.
The comrades from the investigation group distribute protective supplies.
Please do not distract yourself when distributing flyers.
Please distribute the leaflets you have on hand.
This year's weather has been favorable, so the autumn scenery of the farmers must be very good.
The autumn scenery in this tourist city is very good.
Find out the news/reports.
He stayed awake all night listening to the sound of the wind outside the window.
This medicine should be taken with warm water.
Do not use force to suppress others, but rather convince them with reason.
He is an old hand in this.
He has been wandering around since the age of fourteen.
He has risen and fallen several times in the officialdom, and he has a lot of experience.
The small boat rises and falls with the waves at sea.
These construction workers are building a shopping mall specifically for selling quilts.
He only covers himself with one blanket to sleep on this cold day.
The teacher drew many lines on his composition book.
He is holding a long bar in his hand.
When singing at a high pitch, his voice couldn't reach that level.
The content he spoke about is quite flamboyant, but it's not easy to achieve.
His writing plan has fallen through.
The cargo ship has run aground and we need to find a way to transport it overland.
The main forces have launched an assault on the enemy's buildings.
After two years of research and development, this technical problem has finally been solved.
This object is not known to be an antique from which year.
People who have communicated with him think that he is an antique.
The windshield wiper on the car is scraping the glass.
This couple often argues with their parents.
His mind is still preoccupied with the matters at the factory.
There is a moon hanging in the sky.
It's not easy to handle things, any part could go wrong.
Whenever it rains, she feels aches in her whole body and joints.
I am used to waking up early, and I feel uncomfortable sleeping in.
Some families now often spoil their children.
He did something he shouldn't have done and is feeling guilty.
The parents at home often scare children with ghost stories.
He has a plan in mind regarding this matter.
A beam of light passing through a prism will form a spectrum.
Wild grass grows thickly.
There was a car accident.
He managed to get a lot of famous wine through the back door.
There is a small pond not far from the back door.
The old man, Ding, has exceptional skills, but even his own daughter cannot do it.
This company has closed down, there is no one left.
The teachers at the kindergarten are carefully nurturing the flowers of our motherland.
Even the most beautiful flowers wither eventually.
The company hired several decorative vases, specifically for entertaining guests.
There is a beautiful vase in the empty living room.
The large-scale landslides caused by heavy rain have garnered high attention from the government.
The quantity of trees collected by this factory has been consistently declining, resulting in consistently low production.
He is going home to write the letter to him.
He is sitting in the car and going home.
He returned to school last year and wants to take the college entrance exam again.
These scrap copper items need to be recycled.
After inspecting here for 3 months, the disciplinary committee made a sudden turn.
He turned the tide against the enemy on the battlefield.
He shouted into the valley, and all he received was an echo.
He pressed the doorbell for a long time but didn't hear any response from inside the house.
His speech is full of aggression.
The battlefield is filled with a tense and volatile atmosphere.
Good works need to go through multiple rounds of tempering or refining.
Good steel must go through multiple rounds of forging.
The child has been working hard to prepare for the college entrance examination, so don't push them too hard.
It is best to reheat cold rice before eating it.
This guy is too clumsy and difficult to move.
This person does not have good intentions.
The plan must have corresponding and reasonable measures in order to avoid being overridden.
This house is raised on stilts, 5 feet off the ground.
Before writing a novel, it is necessary to first construct the framework of the novel.
His home has a very big bookshelf.
This year, watermelons are very cheap.
He is a despicable person.
The items sold in the secondhand market are usually of poor quality.
He is just a despicable person.
He plans to order four dishes.
The patient's mouth was calling out his wife's name.
This couple again had an argument inside the house because of the child.
This troop engaged in a battle with the enemy while they were traveling.
He can untie this shoelace in just 10 seconds.
This math problem is very difficult to solve.
The phone ringing interrupted his speech.
This big tree has been cut in half in the middle.
He sold his friend for profit.
He sells eggs at the school gate.
He entered a shoe store.
He bought a batch of shoes.
I am not willing to undercut someone else's company.
There are many bricks piled up in the corner.
This week at the end of the month is the time to pay the wages for the cleaning staff.
The room is stuffy and needs to be aired out.
If you want to achieve great success, you will definitely encounter setbacks.
The road is very slippery, be careful not to fall.
The factory has lost several hundred thousand yuan.
His body suffered loss after working continuously for several days.
His long-standing worries finally came to an end.
The leaves in autumn are falling one by one.
He researches about pregnant women and is easily trapped in difficult situations under current research conditions.
It is difficult for middle-aged women to have a successful pregnancy and delivery.
This sentence is a citation from an ancient book.
He cited his relatives.
The internal friction of this engine is severe.
The internal conflict within their department is severe.
He stands at a distance and catches the ball.
He plans to take the factory director's job.
His hand withdrew as soon as it touched the fire.
We have already come into contact with the enemy.
Take a break from this matter first.
Cool down this hot tea first.
I am old.
There are 365 days in a year.
He has a deep and mellow voice.
He is a generous person and is highly respected by everyone.
Children like to pull and tug at others.
I raised you.
This well-known enterprise is the industry leader.
Please ask the master to come and fix the faucet.
He keeps kneading the Play-Doh in his hand.
This is the new thing he created.
He twisted his waist while working.
He broke his bad habit.
He twisted his body and walked unsteadily.
His soul has been twisted by this matter.
He immediately crouched down when an earthquake occurred.
He immediately lay down when he encountered a little difficulty.
They are shooting a scene of waves crashing against the embankment.
They are shooting a movie.
He is good at bribing, and soon he climbed to the position of the director.
When visiting the Forbidden City, we saw the throne of the Qing Dynasty emperors.
In modern times, only having a college degree doesn't guarantee finding a good job.
Please go and set up the sign at that intersection.
Deviate from one's homeland.
Deviate from the correct principles.
He likes to climb steep cliffs.
He likes to climb his boss.
The chess game has entered into an endgame.
Clean up the aftermath of this matter.
The current market is not good, quickly sell off the goods in hand.
He was ordered to throw the ball in his hand.
This person is really useless, unable to do anything well.
There is no rice in the rice barrel.
The cannon in the army has great power.
During the Chinese New Year period, it is not allowed to set off fireworks at home.
This teacher is earnestly cultivating his students.
This gardener is carefully nurturing his plants.
These clothes are all made of good fur.
I only know the superficial aspects about this field.
Next week, let's meet up again.
The topic they chose clashed.
Please cover this book with a layer of leather.
His hand has peeled a layer of skin.
He has been busy all day and feels very tired.
The book market has been very sluggish.
He just finished moving and feels very exhausted.
Magnets become fatigued after being used for a long time.
No one is willing to marry her.
This law firm wants to hire a legal advisor.
The government suppressed the chaos.
This score tied the world record.
The sea has calmed down.
My wound has healed.
He spent a lot of money again when he went out this time.
He broke the world record again in this competition.
They actually cut open their own stomachs.
This article deeply analyzes this problem.
He has become the flag of the whole army.
There are many flags flying on the streets today.
Don't let your house catch fire, come eat at my house.
Don't get angry, try to keep calm.
The sea rose during this storm.
If you have any questions, please stand up.
These two people are leading a cow.
This matter involves leadership.
He infiltrated this city.
He dives underwater.
This color is too light.
I have shallow knowledge about clothing colors.
This plan was executed.
He was executed by the police because he committed a crime.
Rape public opinion.
He raped an underage girl.
This woman is very beautiful.
This batch of rice is in high demand in the market.
The common people call this person "Qingtian".
The weather in this place rarely sees clear skies.
A blue cloud floated across the sky at this place.
He has already become a successful person.
This is a lightweight but meaningful gift.
There is a thin piece of paper on the table.
The clouds in the sky appear to be flippant.
At first glance, he gives the impression of being a frivolous person.
His singing voice enchanted everyone in the theater.
This thatched hut collapsed in the hurricane.
She dumped a truckload of coal outside the house.
She shed tears, pouring out all her grievances.
This sentence needs to correct several wrong words.
Tomorrow, this panda is going to Beijing.
Tomorrow there will be a tug-of-war competition, and our company will mobilize the entire staff.
After this battle, the enemy's entire army was defeated.
The forging of a sword requires heat treatment.
This question cannot be hot processed.
Objects need a certain amount of heat in order to burn.
He has maintained a high level of enthusiasm for this matter for a long time.
The sun generally rises from the east.
One year has 365 days.
This food is too bitter and cannot be eaten.
The goods entry must go through customs.
This food tastes very delicious.
This movie is very engaging.
Please moisten these flowers.
Apply some oil to lubricate the rotating parts of the machine.
This persimmon is very astringent.
This article is very difficult to understand.
Please stick out your tongue.
They captured a spy from the enemy's camp and brought him back.
It is already very late at night.
This well is very deep.
My child has started to lose their baby teeth.
His chopsticks are all made of ivory.
This child needs to tidy up.
This broken table needs to be cleaned up.
This guilty person needs repair.
This faulty machine needs to be repaired.
Clear the blocked drain.
Resolve the conflict between two villages.
There is too much water in this article.
The water in this pot will boil.
This money is my private stash.
All the private houses in this area must be demolished.
His mouth is really chatty, always talking all day long.
The glass is broken.
This science fiction film depicts a story of a astronaut's encounter with a boy on Earth.
She is the first female astronaut to go into space with the Earth's spaceship.
The students taught by this teacher are elites in all walks of life.
The peach blossoms (or peaches) in front of the house are magnificent and colorful.
Theoretical articles can also be written in a popular and easy-to-understand manner, they don't have to be written as cryptic texts.
He dreamed last night that a celestial being gave him a celestial book.
He plans to go to the post office to mail a letter.
He fell into a well yesterday.
This glass window is very transparent.
After hearing this sentence, his heart feels clear and bright.
This type of tank has been retired.
He is a retired soldier.
We must handle the person who takes the lead in committing a crime.
Many families are preparing for the Chinese New Year shopping.
This book is his recent precious purchase from the bookstore.
This mother took her newborn baby out to play.
The teacher asked the student to recite the text that he just wrote on the blackboard.
The school requires students to bring a school bag to school.
He is currently writing the lyrics for the song he will sing at tomorrow's evening party.
He is busy making grass shoes to wear for tomorrow's battle.
This magician is performing a magic trick.
This barren hill has turned into fertile land.
This military personnel will wear civilian clothes when going home.
When this leader visits privately, he will bring a few plainclothes guards to protect himself.
Please write an essay truthfully about opening a clock and watch store.
He is repairing watches at the watch store.
He is accustomed to using tissue paper to wipe his mouth after eating.
The plane scraped against the mountaintop.
This is the season when bandits are emerging from the mountains.
Many babies are born this season.
He is crossing the road next to this clothing store.
He is wearing a red shirt.
He is setting up the tent he will sleep in tonight.
He is boarding a luxurious ship to go home.
This actor lost his voice.
The house collapsed in the storm.
If he resigns, no one can replace his job.
The train is about to arrive in Shanghai.
The enemies in this fortress often come out to harm the people. The troops intend to remove this threat.
The table legs need to be nailed with two nails to prevent them from breaking.
Your eyes are really sharp, being able to find criminals among so many people.
This snake is very venomous and can kill a person instantly.
Using wind energy to generate electricity is a new energy policy.
This unit is being attacked by the enemy and is currently sending a message to headquarters.
The temple has just been renovated by the workers.
The bomb blew up this tank.
He spoke during class and once again made a mistake that should not be made at school.
He talked in class and broke the school rules again.
This type of food is strictly prohibited from adding preservatives.
A good reader has their own preservative when reading.
This car is driving very fast.
This knife is very sharp.
High-voltage wires are being installed here.
This power grid worker is having his blood pressure measured at the hospital, and his systolic pressure is too high.
There is a bump on his skin.
After experiencing a betrayal, there was a knot in their relationship.
This person has no backbone.
A person has a total of 206 bones.
You should wrap the zongzi with these leaves.
Do not bundle two different things together.
She is a red flag in the railway department who works conscientiously.
Every morning, the school's playground must raise the national flag.
This idea has resurfaced again.
This floor will be damp in summer.
She plans to open a supermarket here.
The pilot's task today is to fly a large airplane.
In the past he was poor, but now he has become wealthy.
This house is spacious.
